\clearpage\setcounter{page}{1}\pagestyle{HTML}
{\bfseries
Quote}

{\textquotedbl}There is the rubbish we keep, which is the junk, and the
rubbish we throw away, which is the garbage.{\textquotedbl} 

(T.Bardini, Junkware).


\bigskip

{\textquotedbl}We are the eternal return of the enslaved stock under his
new name, junkware.\newline
We are the medium, the message and the code.\newline
We are worth our code, not worth a rush{\textquotedbl}

(T.Bardini, Junkware).

TABLE OF JUNK

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{1.} Table of Contents

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{2.} How This Book Was Written

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{3.} iPhone 25, elephants 0
\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{1.} Table of Contents}

\liststyleLi
\begin{itemize}
\item How This Book Was Written 
\item Junkware : the grotesque theater of innovation 
\item Chapter One 
\item Chapter Two 
\item Additional Junk
\end{itemize}
\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{2.} How This Book Was Written}

Junk DNA corresponds to the 98.5\% part of the human genome that has no
genetic function. Thierry Bardini has explored in Junkware (Minnesota
Press, 2010) the idea that {\textquotedbl}most of culture and nature,
including humans, is composed of useless, but always potentially
recyclable, material otherwise known as
{\textquoteleft}junk.{\textquoteright} {\textquotedbl}\newline
Are we made of junk ? Do we have become literaly junk ? \newline
\newline
Inspired by Bardini{\textquotesingle}s book, a group of french \&
chinese artists has choosen to interprete this concept through an
eponym installation : a speculative machine that uses mathematical
modeling and data analysis to generate futuristic objects from DNA and
brainwaves. \newline
\newline
The opportunity to present Junkware installation in Shangha\"i (Maker
Carnival, october 2014) is combined with the organisation of a textbook
sprint aiming at sharing, collecting and editing materials - ideas as
well as data - to observe, critic and speculate on our
own{\textquotesingle}s practice towards junk : the one that is produced
and the one~ reused. 

Your junk is a treasure for someone else. \newline
\newline
This book is a recollection of contributions from the Junk Book Venture
workshop organized at One Space on 15\&16th october in Shangha\"i
(Chapter One) ; and as a metaphor of the Junk concept itself, it
includes a great remix of archives (data, text, visuals) produced from
november 2013 to october 2014 to prepare Junkware Installation (Chapter
Two).

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{3.} iPhone 25, elephants 0}

The {\textquotedbl}Junkware{\textquotedbl} project has started by an
attempt to think about the future.

What will be the objects of the future? How to write it?

Innovation?

Let{\textquotesingle}s think about 2025.

We will have reached the iPhone 25.~

There will be no elephants left.

Choices have~been made

~
Robots get smarter, production pace fasten. 

Junk is piling up everywhere.


\bigskip

Half-used and even not broken, 
millions of matters are floating in space-time without a notice or a
description.~

~

\bigskip

CHAPTER ONE

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{4.} Anatomy of the workshop

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{5.} *digital*media*junk*ware*lore*

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{6.} Data-Literature

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{7.} Junk-prod

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{8.} Board/Bored Games

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{9.} Non-coding Code

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{10.} Third Hand
\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{4.} Anatomy of the workshop}

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{An invitation}

On October 15, Professor Lafleche~from France and~MAKE+~from Shanghai
brought together 15 people from different backgrounds and cultures to
merge ideas to produce a book on the subject of
{\textquotedblleft}JUNK{\textquotedblright} at ONE~Space~. In this
workshop, scientists, artists and designers and professionals from
other fields have discussed together the changes in
today{\textquoteright}s and future{\textquoteright}s product design and
production.

In human DNA, only 1.5\% of DNA has genetic functions, the scientists
named the rest 98.5\% {\textquotedblleft}Junk{\textquotedblright},
because their functions have not been found. Canadian writer Thierry
Bardini defined {\textquotedblleft}Junk{\textquotedblright} in his book
{\textquotedblleft}Junkware{\textquotedblright} as this:
{\textquotedblleft}Almost all culture and nature, including ourselves,
are made of useless but recyclable materials. These materials are
called Junk{\textquotedblright}~In fact, our daily lives are surrounded
by useless products, the world is filled with Junk.~Are we really using
Junk to make things? Will we ever become Junk one day? Is Junk
completely useless or will they give us hope?

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{A space }

ONE is a creative experimental space located in Shanghai Jingan
district. It is open to all company and creative individuals.
Participants are welcomed to take part in creative thinking process and
space experimentations through workshops, talks and exhibitions.

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{A collaborative process}

Professor Lafleche and~MAKE+ have collected, shared and edited
information on Junk using text, image and visualized data and the
method of co-writing and annoting (English and Chinese) to discuss art,
design, innovation, technology, production, consumerism, patenting and
recycling in the future.\newline
\newline
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{A publishing platform}

Booktype is web-based software which means you do not install it on your
computer; rather, you access it through a web browser. It is Free
Software (licensed under the GNU Affero GPL), meaning that it can be
freely downloaded, re-used and customised. Booktype was originally
developed to facilitate the accelerated production models enabled by
book sprints. Hence the feature set matches the rapid pace of
publishing possible in the modern era of print-on-demand. Using
Booktype, print ready source (book formatted PDF) can be generated in a
few minutes, and then uploaded to your favourite print-on-demand
service.

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{And participants :}

Chen Yi

Feng Bin

Liu Feng 

Jenny Lu 

Albert Mayr

Han Yang 

Miya Shen 

Constance Garnier 

Gabriele de Seta

Katy

Hao Rong

Li Ding

Jammes Jun Fang

~


\bigskip


\bigskip

Gabriele de Seta\newline
http://paranom.asia

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{*digital*media*junk*ware*lore*}\newline
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{*[6570?]*[5A92?]*[5E9F?]*[54C1?]*[4FD7?]*}\newline
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Shanghai mediations on Thierry
Bardini{\textquotesingle}s
}\textstyleEmphasis{\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Junkware}}

~

*junk*\newline
\textstyleEmphasis{[5E9F?][7269?] (feiwu}, garbage)\newline
{\textquotedbl}There is the rubbish we keep, which is junk, and the
rubbish we throw away, which is garbage{\textquotedbl}, Sydney Brenner
reportedly explains on page 49, inspiring Thierry
Bardini{\textquotesingle}s call for a semantics of discard. Of the many
questions elicited by the signature of *junk* - \textstyleEmphasis{what
is junk?} Everything / \textstyleEmphasis{when is junk?} Now, and more
to come / \textstyleEmphasis{where is junk?} Everywhere /
\textstyleEmphasis{who is junk? }Us, and them / \textstyleEmphasis{how
is junk?} Good and bad and useful and useless, it depends, yet
it{\textquotesingle}s 98.5\% of everything - perhaps the most sensible
question to ask today remains \textstyleEmphasis{so what?},
or,\textstyleEmphasis{ why does it matter?}, or, \textstyleEmphasis{why
does junk matter?} and \textstyleEmphasis{why does matter junk?}

*ware*\newline
[65E0?][7528?][7684?] (\textstyleEmphasis{wuyong de}, useless)\newline
A materialist approach to junk and a junkist approach to matter seem the
most useful moves to derive from Bardini{\textquotesingle}s
\textstyleEmphasis{portmanteau} *junk*ware*: stuff that is the Other of
stuff, in time and place and ownership and use, things that are
temporarily thrown in a limbo of less-thingness and uncertainty,
accumulating in heaps of problematic matter, losing the boundaries
which segment them in individual objects, rewinding back the process of
individuation by piling up upon other junk. The next step leads into
speculative junkonomics: a recuperated copy of Marx{\textquotesingle}s
writings encoded in the wrong character set postulates the W-J-W and
J-W-J cycles, from ware to junk to ware, and from junk to ware to junk,
the accumulation of capital sustained by use value superseded by the
self-sustaining accretion of use-less value in stacks of [54C1?]
\textstyleEmphasis{pin}, {\textquotesingle}ware{\textquotesingle}.

*digital*\newline
[5783?][573E?][90AE?][4EF6?] (\textstyleEmphasis{laji youjian}, junk
mail)\newline
The fabled Internet of Things is in fact merely the polished 1.5\%
portrayed by the aseptic photos of data centers and the colorful
network diagrams appearing on sleek PowerPoint presentations at
international industry talks. What about the non-signifying 98.5\%,
then? Where is The Internet of Junk? Who collects and sorts out
*digital*junk*ware*? What other forms does junk take in our digital and
already postdigital times, besides the obvious junk mail already made
almost invisible by the perfected algorithms of our filters and the
pop-ups preemptively killed off by our AdBlock plug-ins? How does this
digital junk get repurposed into digital ware and when does digital
ware goes back to being digital junk? Is even junk a fitting metaphor
for the platitude that user-generated content is?

*media*\newline
[4FE1?][606F?][6BD2?][54C1?] (\textstyleEmphasis{xinxi dupin},
information drug)\newline
Bardini{\textquotesingle}s writing is irremediably double-helixed,
knitted along the polymer bases of its own DNA, as it proceeds by a
sort of augmented dialectics set in motion by hidden third terms -
\textstyleEmphasis{media}. DNA is made of genes, but genes are 98.5\%
junk, and junk matters; culture is made of memes, and memes are just
like genes, so 98.5\% of culture is junk, and it matters too. The jump
from these parellels into the hidden third of hypervirality is
legitimized through the figure of the loop, which becomes the
organizing aesthetic trope of our times after the deleuzian fold. In
hyperviral culture, the augmented dialectic loop continues, memes are
the genes of culture, and memes work like mind viruses, so that
{\textquotedbl}a virus is essentially junk code, and our hyperviral
culture is indeed a junk culture{\textquotedbl} (p. 189). The viral
metaphor mediating between memetics and genetics pierces through half a
century, from Burroughs and cybernetics to Derrida,~ Deleuze and
Dawkins, and turns *digital*media*junk*ware* into an updated version of
selfish cultural DNA - an information drug poisoning minds with
alluring rumors and spreadable beliefs. But the non-signifying discard
bites back: if meaningless genes cannot be selfish, how could
meaningless memes be?

*lore*\newline
[65E0?][7528?][4E4B?][7528?] (\textstyleEmphasis{wuyong zhi yong}, the
use of the useless)\newline
{\textquotedbl}How did this happen? How and when, exactly, did our
culture turn to junk? Or, in other words, when did we actually last
create some radically new cultural experiences? And when did we instead
start to recycle culture with the appearance (the glitter) or the
new?{\textquotedbl} (p. 169) - how many useless questions, Thierry!
Let{\textquotesingle}s tear them apart and build a new toolbox of
unusable concepts. If our entire culture turned to junk, it might be
the right time to go back to folklore. Junk refuses to be yet another
final statement in a series of grand narratives. Junk has to be found
in opposition to use value and organic garbage. Junk has to be rummaged
into for its discursive making, its affective collection, and its
temporary autonomous phases of repurposing into non-junk.
Let{\textquotesingle}s do away with both the myth of the original and
the myth of the copycat: [5C71?][5BE8?] \textstyleEmphasis{shanzhai}
has gone all the way from junk into a culture into a product into an
industry into a rhetoric into a narrative and its hermeneutics - junk
for academics, the last rodents in line. Let{\textquotesingle}s stop
searching for our next brand of culture when the last choice is as
paradoxical as junk. Let{\textquotesingle}s drop our sampling devices
and drift along the kula rings of useless discard that we traverse and
traverse us at every corner of our mediated lives.
Let{\textquotesingle}s accept the loss of authorship and preservation,
of traceability and evolution, let{\textquotesingle}s just get high on
information drug, let{\textquotesingle}s believe and preach and sing
and dance in a carnival of *digital*media*junk*ware*lore*, a repertoire
of noise not-yet-useful to anyone, rumors without referent, fractal
jokes, non-human grotesques, post-linguistic vernaculars, unsuccessful
memes, self-censoring [6076?][641E?] \textstyleEmphasis{egao}. Makers:
let{\textquotesingle}s {\textquotedbl}make do{\textquotedbl} rather
than {\textquotedbl}make to{\textquotedbl}.

*?*?*?*?*?*\newline
Sketched above are some mediations on a constellation of semantemes
recuperated from the reeky dustbin of recent media theory, in the
attempt of hacking together new hybrid concepts for a materialist
anthropology of the contemporary under the sign of
*digital*media*junk*ware*lore* or
*[6570?]*[5A92?]*[5E9F?]*[54C1?]*[4FD7?]*. In this light, moving from
Bardini{\textquotesingle}s bio-cultural parallels into speculative
probing of the *digital*, *junk* is understood as the Other of *ware*,
locked in J-W-J and W-J-W cycles of which we are the *media*, the
silent hyphens articulating a *lore* through each change of phase. The
best use to which we can put the signal-to-noise ratio of our genome is
unmasking the cultures to which we subscribe as ordered and stylized
collections of memes, a mere 1.5\% of the webs of meaning we code
without end. Praise the 98.5\%.

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{6.} Data-Literature}

First time I encountered the term \textstyleEmphasis{data-literature
}was in an article written by the french web-journalist Sabine Blanc
untitled
{\textquotedbl}\href{http://owni.fr/2011/03/18/de-la-datalitterature-dans-le-9-3/}{De
la data-litt\'erature dans le 93}{\textquotedbl}. She shared the story
of {\textquotedbl}Traques Traces{\textquotedbl} project reflecting on
digital identity and based on statistics and one-line data, developed
by the writer C\'ecile Portier together with teenagers in an high
school in Paris{\textquotesingle}suburbs where sha was hosted in
residency.

Perhaps, Sabine Blanc coined the term data-literature (I could hardly
find other references later on the web) without noticing it. At that
time, she worked for OWNI (acronym for Non Identified Web Objects) an
information website initiated in 2009 which gained its reputation based
on a solid data-journalism, meantime introducing in France this new way
of thinking \& doing in the field of journalism.

\href{https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_journalism}{\textstyleEmphasis{Data
journalism}}\textstyleEmphasis{ is a journalism specialty reflecting
the increased role that numerical data is used in the production and
distribution of information in the digital era. It reflects the
increased interaction between content producers (journalist) and
several other fields such as design, computer science and statistics}
as defined by Wikipedians.~

If Sabine Blanc never proposed a definition in her article, I embbeded
the formula with me as it perfectly fit with the idea I have of my own
fictional playground. Especially for the novel I{\textquotesingle}m
currently writing. It has been convenient to present it under this
term, and so, it is maybe time for me now to come with a definition, or
at least, precision.

Data literature calls for fictional writing relying totally or partially
on sets of data. The narratives baseline explores one or various topics
with a guiding principle : to make those data speak in prose manner
implying a plot or not. Written in natural language and/or programing
language, it takes on multiple formats to perform the same work
(printed book, digital file, website, script, etc).

In 2012, I started an artistic literary project based on the life \&
work of the british novelist Anna Kavan (1901-1968). Originally
publishing under her first married name, Helen Ferguson, she adopted
the name Anna Kavan in 1939, not only as nom de plume but as her legal
identity.

I{\textquotesingle}ve been working meantime on a novel and on-line
artwork. In the novel, I choose to make
Kavan\textstyleEmphasis{\textup{appears as an heroin and
Kavan-the-writer is also discussed by the different characters who
inhabit the novel. The whole background is also made out of my own
autofictional material as well as elements of data-literature}} (graph,
scripts, semantic vocabulary, dispersion plot analysis, etc). The
on-line artwork\textstyleEmphasis{\textup{dialogues with the print
novel ; it is a website but it is not a replication of the novel. Two
chapters out of the five, will be accessible on-line while the main
part will be built out of data (blogposts, reviews, photographies,
bookcovers, fan art, quotes, tweets, etc) I{\textquotesingle}ve been
collecting in the last four years. Something like a semantic and
fictional active archives. }}

\textstyleEmphasis{\textup{But nothing like a biography for all these
reasons : A biography would mean to put in front again her sensational
life and I was much more interested by the autobiographical puzzle she
elaborated, her literary project let{\textquotesingle}s say. A
biographer needs to say everything about his, her subject, often
sticking to a chronological lifeline and that{\textquotesingle}s hard
to keep such a line when you{\textquotesingle}re up to disruptive
narratives. And what is sad with biography is that we always know when
and how the book ends : with the death of the subject. And that would
be precisely when and how I wanted to start : Kavan would be already
dead but she would come back, I would recall her as a living heroin in
the fiction while other characters would tell us how
Kavan{\textquotesingle}s heritage lives in the present time. This
means, that unlike a biographer, I would consider all the web-folkore
and data I{\textquotesingle}ve been browsing, as a source, a minor
source, however a source to take into account, to play with.}}

\textstyleEmphasis{\textup{That{\textquotesingle}s probably how I feel
Junkware echoes with my own practice : I{\textquotesingle}m writing
stories out of junk, digging the web, recollecting junk that embbeds
their own narratives and celebrate them as part of a fiction
territory.}}

~


\bigskip

~

~

~

~

~

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{7.} Junk-prod}

\section[What is junk in my own practice ?~]{\rmfamily What is junk in
my own practice ?~}
As a producer, I didn{\textquoteright}t think I would produce any junk,
cause to me, junk was material stuff. This project made me think of
junk, and realize it{\textquoteright}s much more that that. Maybe all
that meetings I do, dozen of mails every day, printed papers, datas I
produce all the time. What do I do from that ?

~

\section[Papers]{\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Papers}}
I do a lot of administrative things like hiring people, editing
agreements, payslips, accounting and of course, I have to print all
that and, of course, there is often mistakes and things to change, so I
have to edit them again, and sometimes again AND again{\dots}

So I recycle, it{\textquoteright}s almost an obsession ! Recycling and
throwing that every day out of my office, to clean it up from this
production I can{\textquoteright}t bear to see. Recently, I learnt
throwing every day is a Fen Shui practice and I really understand this
: cause it don{\textquoteright}t throw on you face every morning all
the shit you{\textquoteright}ve produced. It makes you (me) feel more
confortable to this fragile world, those trees. I also keep some to
keep rough papers.

Plus, I{\textquoteright}ve always been recycling since we had the
dustbins for that and could do it, it{\textquoteright}s automatic.

To try to make it right, I{\textquoteright}ve decided to buy only
recycled paper, that I throw after. Recycling the recycled. Get my
practice evolve and think before printing for instance, is the Holy
Grail I try to tend to every day.

~

\section[Datas]{\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Datas}}
Data is different, well I thought it was different but in fact no, our
datas fill up data centers, billions of billions of bits, countless and
endless informations flowing into boundless data tubes. How much energy
does it require, how many tons of toxic chemical products, plastics ?
Like ogres, they need to be fed, it{\textquoteright}s a system that
requires us to produce datas in order to be fed and digest those
trillions tons of 0 and 1.

I produce data, so much again, editing charts and pages all the time for
every single project, and also a lot of recap charts of course, of
those datas..

This I keep it all, no throwing, you never know right ? So much junk
data but I can be useful one day, kneed, I recycle my own production,
using my datas back, reloading them to adapt them to another new
project. I get them evolve like that and the first one
don{\textquoteright}t really look like the latest I{\textquoteright}ve
done, recycling can give you a solid basis for creating.~

I couldn{\textquoteright}t tell if I have created my first chart or not.
I think I did it for my 1st presentation, it{\textquoteright}s a
creative part I really like, how will I talk of an idea, a concept,
explain it by the rules and also by MY rules, cause only this will make
it unique and will put in it my own print, for which
I{\textquoteright}m known.

And I confess I do recycle the good ideas I see, when I see ;-)

~

\section[Projects]{\rmfamily Projects}
As a producer again, I read so many projects and initiate much more. How
many comes to the end ? What is junk to others have alreday been good
to me and I know the opposite has been too.

\textstyleEmphasis{On going writing...}

~

~

\section[So ?]{\rmfamily So ?}
A benefit with recycling is that you don{\textquotedblright}t
{\textquotedblright}reinvent the wheel{\textquotedblright} as we say in
french. But it sticks you to a former thinking. A benefit with creating
is that you free yourself from other{\textquoteright}s tracks and
create you{\textquoteright}r own.

I really like this quotation from Ralph Waldo Emerson, an american poet
: {\textquotedblright}don{\textquotedblright}t go where the path may
lead, go instead where there{\textquoteright}s no path and leave a
trail{\textquotedblright}.

~

What is junk to me ? Maybe a tiny trail between known and unknown,
creating and recycling, source of inspiration and greasy sticking past.

~

~

~

~

~

~

~

~

~

~

~

~

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{8.} Board/Bored Games}

From the inside board game industry seems to experienced a renewal; or
at least a huge step was climb the last few decades. Some time ago
there was{\textquotesingle}nt so many publishing company as today, and
most of theses company where connected to toy and children industry
(hasbro, matel, haba), and game designers where totally anonymous(who
know the name of the inventor of monopoly?). ~

Since the 90{\textquotesingle}s this niche market offer hundreds of
publishers, it redefined is own language by defining mechanics and
{\textquotedbl}schools{\textquotedbl}(german-style and american-style)
and best seller game designer begin to apear as the industry grow in
audience.~

These last few years between 800 and 1000 new board game per year are
published, even it could be some add-on sometime, this huge amount of
production create change rythme of a board game life: If you want to
comment,try or know what{\textquotesingle}s going on in this scene you
will have to test at least 2 or 3 games per day before publishers
released the next collection. Few years ago a new and well promoted
game can stand for few month; now if you don{\textquotesingle}t have a
network acess and create attention will need to sucess in few weeks,
even ~days, before everybody forget your box.

Major publisher and authors understand this pretty well and exploit few
expedient to ensure their position. Some prefers funding press of major
press network(Tric-trac is own 49\% per the owner of Asmodee), some
others seem proud to publish game that people already know (Les loups
garoux de Thiercelieux, Time{\textquotesingle}s up) Even this very
small scene seems very friendly the growing concurrence lead to
obliterated news and push publisher to released maintream product,
excluding commercial risk.

Even this communication issue blurred sight for newcomer seeking for
innovative process, the worst is that this collective intent of
mainstream does not seem to work very well... The 10 best selled game
are still antiks like Monopoly, Trivial pursuit, Risk... Common
audience buy what they know. And all this very dynamic production lead
finnaly to a lot of junk, stuck in a niche market and cuted from the
common world. More this fashion of exploiting gamer and geek culture
seem obvious, more the public will have defiance for board game, and
more all the loop of board game production will create junk.

But let{\textquotesingle}s be optimistic and give a final proportion. If
1000 junk game are created this year, and that we can finnaly count on
at least 5 years of analog production since now; we will be able to
play everyday for 15 years from now!

if we begin to think of how we can share rules and material (creative
common, digital reproduction) and process to use new way for playing
(public space, unnacustomed site) we will be able to use all this junk
to create new habit. ~ ~

~

innovation for ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~

{}-1000 game per year

{}-10 best game selled/knowed(people buy what they know)

{}-audience defiance

{}-inovation invisibility

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{9.} Non-coding Code}


\bigskip

\textstyleEmphasis{On going writing...}

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{10.} Third Hand}


\bigskip

\textstyleEmphasis{On going writing...}

CHAPTER TWO

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{11.} Junkware Terms Of Services

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{12.} Writing Machine, Algorithmic Papyrus \&
Infinite Loops

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{13.} Where Latin is very usefull...

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{14.} The \$1000 Genome

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{15.} Weird Object Behaviors

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{16.} Feelings.txt

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{17.} Daily Life at the Checkpoint

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{18.} Should

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{19.} Check-list
\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{11.} Junkware Terms Of Services}

\# Markmix: train markov generator with an heteroclit set of Terms of
Services :\newline
\# Random Website Terms of Conditions from ...\newline
\# Divorce Agreement from ...\newline
\# Mez Breeze ToSS on-line artwork\newline
\# Github Terms of Services\newline
\# Taobao Terms of Services\newline
\# \& see what comes out !\newline
\newline
import markov\newline
\newline
website = open({\textquotedbl}sampleConditions.txt{\textquotedbl},
{\textquotedbl}r{\textquotedbl})\newline
divorce = open({\textquotedbl}sampleDivorce.txt{\textquotedbl},
{\textquotedbl}r{\textquotedbl})\newline
mez = open({\textquotedbl}sampleMez.txt{\textquotedbl},
{\textquotedbl}r{\textquotedbl})\newline
github = open({\textquotedbl}sampleGithub.txt{\textquotedbl},
{\textquotedbl}r{\textquotedbl})\newline
taobao = open({\textquotedbl}sampleTaobao.txt{\textquotedbl},
{\textquotedbl}r{\textquotedbl})\newline
o = open({\textquotedbl}markmix-tos.txt{\textquotedbl},
{\textquotedbl}w{\textquotedbl})\newline
\newline
class Chunk():\newline
~~~ def \_\_init\_\_(self, txtfile):\newline
~~~~~~~ self.text = txtfile.read()\newline
\newline
c1 = Chunk(website)\newline
c2 = Chunk(divorce)\newline
c3 = Chunk(mez)\newline
c4 = Chunk(github)\newline
c5 = Chunk(taobao)\newline
chunks = [c1, c2, c3, c4, c5]\newline
\newline
markmixer = markov.Markov(chunks)\newline
\newline
out = markmixer.generate\_markov\_text()\newline
\newline
o.write(out)\newline
o.close()

~

{\centering
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{JUNKWARE RANDOM TERMS OF SERVICES}
\par}

Exploit any portion of the parties as follows: To Husband: To Wife:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
H. Insurance Husband will pay to Husband the amount of
\$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ each and every permutation and following
(imagined, tangential and potentially possible), as well as any
cl[m]aim that m[w]i[ll]ght aRise[.up.u.will.not] between you and others
see, including to
de-Liver[\&.de-Kidney.\&de-Heart.ur.privacy.bodies.with.toxically]
relevant ads; {\textbullet} To m[r]ea[ity.as]sure or understand the
eff[inv]ectiveness of ads you and others see, including to
de-Liver[\&.de-Kidney.\&de-Heart.ur.privacy.bodies.with.toxically]
relevant ads; {\textbullet} To prov[s]id[l]e[up.2.] you with
[ultimately.b]inn[able.+.b]ov[ine.loc]ative
f[ractiously.sh]eat[hed(onist.l)]ures and services
[u.don{\textquoteright}t.need.\&.]we develop in the following specific
terms: You expressly understand and agree to allow others to view and
fork your repositories.

GitHub does not accept all of its original content are the sole owner or
lawful licensee of all taxes, levies, or duties, excluding only United
States (federal or state) taxes. For any upgrade or downgrade in plan
level while on a monthly basis and is not required to provide payment
account information. An upgrade from the use or the Service is at your
sole risk. The service is provided or posted by others who have
accounts under your account). One person or entity. This Agreement may
not settle any claim, demand, suit or proceeding; provided, that GitHub
uses third-party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary
hardware, software, networking, storage, and related logos are
registered trademarks or trademarks or trademarks or trademarks or
service marks of Taobao.com Corporation in various jurisdictions and
are protected under worldwide copyright and other laws.

All title, ownership and intellectual property or these Terms of Service
shall apply to you. You agree not to bring any action or claim against
Taobao for such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
You can review the most current version of the terms below will result
in the Service after any such message. If the Registered User shall not
constitute a waiver of such User{\textquotesingle}s conduct. Taobao may
suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all of your
Account or your [never.brought.2]account unless your con[ned]tent has
been [en]s[nared.by.us.the.Fox,.+.u.the.]Hare with others, and how we
coll[inj]ect[u.+.urs.in2.our.permanent.records.] and [ab]use your
content and [lure.u.to.purge.more]information. \_Sharing Your
Con[ned]tent and [De]Information:\_ You
[.-.meaning.{\textquotedblright}we{\textquotedblright}.-.]own all of
your Account.

GitHub reserves the right to act with respect to your story
[now.never.private], use our con[Non-]Tact im[de]porters, or indicate
you are agreeing to be aware of the Terms of Service at your sole risk.
The service is provided on an area of the Site at the top of the
suppliers to complete a sale or the inability to use any IP
con[ned]tent or your access or use of the Site and the Member are
independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture,
employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended to
host your organization pages, personal pages, or project pages, and for
no other purpose. You may not use this Service. You shall be enforced.
Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit,
construe or describe the scope or extent of such c[j]o[ke.h]urts for
the purpose of litigating all such taxes, levies, or duties, excluding
only United States (federal or state) taxes.

For any upgrade or downgrade in plan level while on a
friend{\textquotesingle}s st[social.media.gl]ory. It also includes the
person using this Site solely for their own personal or proprietary
rights laws. The unauthorized copying, modification, use or the Service
is billed in advance on a computer[:that.is,.truly.never]. However, you
unDer[p]stand that remOve[r.used]d con[ned]tent may
peR[e]sist[deletion] in bAck[!]up copies for[ever,.*not*.] a reasonable
periOd[d] of time. 3. WHen [u,.the.housed.fodder.are] using an
[S]application, the a[su]pplication may ask for your permission to
access your con[ned]tent has been advised of the Service (or any part
thereof) with or without notice. Prices of all taxes, levies, or
duties, excluding only United States (federal or state) taxes.

For any upgrade or downgrade in plan level while on a full indemnity
basis) which may be risks of purchase and sale transactions when using
the self-help submit and edit tools provided through the Site or the
inability to use any IP con[ned]tent that is publicly accessible
without a charge. Notice to a yearly plan, GitHub will make a
reasonable periOd[d] of time. 3. WHen [u,.the.housed.fodder.are] using
an [S]application, the a[su]pplication may ask for your permission to
access your con[ned]tent and information. GitHub Terms of Use Agreement
(the {\textquotedbl}Agreement{\textquotedbl}) describes the terms and
conditions of this Agreement hereby submit to the Service will result
in immediate account termination. You understand that the technical
processing and transmission of any User from Taobao is able to
demonstrate that communication, whether in contract, negligence, tort,
strict liability or otherwise commercially exploiting the Taobao site
is provide on an area of the Service is copyright {\textcopyright}2010
GitHub Inc.

All rights not otherwise be modified, except in writing and shall not
constitute a waiver of such Third Party Content is posted with the
Service, superseding any prior written or other proprietary right or
provision of this Agreement, please do not use this Service. You shall
defend GitHub against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding made or
brought against GitHub by a Registered User and Taobao Company
({\textquotedbl}Taobao{\textquotedbl}). 1. Application of and
Acceptance of Terms and Conditions For purposes of this marriage are:
Name Date of Birth Social Security Number
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ The following children will
reside jointly with Husband and Wife:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Custody Schedule
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Husband will pay to Wife the amount of \$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ for
the purpose of re-selling or re-distributing the Taobao Content, mass
mailing (via emails, wireless text messages, physical mail or
otherwise), any delays, errors or omissions with respect to your use of
this agreement, the prevailing party will be
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
The expenses relating to Premium Services however arising, including
negligence 7. Intellectual Property Rights Taobao is not liable to
anyone for such loss. D. Cancellation and Termination You are cautioned
to read the entire agreement between you as the user of the suppliers
to complete the signup process.

Your login may only be used by Taobao are hereby excluded. Taobao make
no representation or warranties about the Terms of Service. Continued
use of the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. C.
Payment, Refunds, Upgrading and Downgrading Terms All paid plans must
enter a valid payment account. Free accounts are not
re[prehensible]ponsible for [all] the content or otherwise violate any
laws in your yearly billing cycle. Downgrading your Service may cause
financial loss or legal liability to you. Please see Section G.17,
below, for more details. If GitHub makes material changes to the GitHub
Pages in violation of applicable law.

GitHub reserves the right to immediately disable your account or
throttle your file hosting until you can use FacePalm to
[be.en]s[nared.by.us.the.Fox,.\&.u.the.]Hare with others, and they have
uploaded with you in a picture they have not deleted it. 2. When you
[attempt.to.fruitlessly.]delete IP content, it is shared through your
priVac[uousl]y and [T]app[ed.supp]lication settings: you grant us a
non-trans[pre]ferable, sub-lI[n]censable, royalty-laden,
world[.+.universe.+.galaxy.+.solar.system,.infinitum{\textgreater}etcetera.]wide
license to Taobao or its affiliates. Taobao reserves the right to
modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service is at
your sole risk. The service is provided on or through the Site (the
{\textquotedbl}Taobao Content{\textquotedbl}) for the benefit of:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Wife will maintain medical and dental insurance for the
con[in+de]duct[ive.streams], whE[i]ther online or offline, or any other
content or materials for any damage (direct, indirect, consequential or
exemplary damages, including but not limited to monthly subscription
plan fees to the same subject matter herein. Taobao and the Member are
independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture,
employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended to
be a Registered User{\textquotesingle}s actions may cause financial
loss or legal entity may not use or continue to access your account is
not permitted. You may not use the Site or for any purpose not
expressly stated herein. Under no circumstances shall Taobao be liable
to or termination of your account{\textquotesingle}s access to its
conflict of l[h]aw[-ha-haw].

If a[ll.and/or.a]nyone brings a cl[m]aim against us[,.we.will.]
re[tai]l[i]ated to[\&.against] your
act[1:scene.bloodshed.amongst.the.data.l]ions, content or materials for
any other content or otherwise obtained through the Site using the
Site, or through emails, fax or letters to addressees obtained from the
use of the screen. The Account screen provides a simple no questions
asked cancellation link. All of your inform[l(c)ess.pit.dil]ation. Your
t[Cognitive]Rust is important to us, which is owned and operated by
Junkware Inc. This Agreement may not use the Account{\textquotesingle}s
letter for junk mail, chain letters or spamming or the buyer in
specific transactions and does not pre-screen Content, but GitHub and
its features with respect to different Users, or to any person who
accesses the Site or for any damages whatsoever (including but not
limited to, any prior versions of the Service in violation of any User
in accordance with the serVi[le.fae]ces and features we provide to the
service.

The failure of GitHub to exercise the copyright, publicity, and database
rights you have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole
discretion to refuse or remove any Content that is
c[sm]o[thered.o]vered by intellectual prop[p]e[d.up.pube]rty rights,
like ph[g]o[-]tos and videos (IP\{inged\} con\{ned\}tent), you
specifically {\textquotedblleft}give{\textquotedblright} us the
fo[u]ll[harr]owing permission[s], subject to change any of its original
content are the sole owner or lawful licensee of all the messages
communicated through the Site; any defect in goods, samples, data,
information or any other equipment failures, electrical power failures,
strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances,
shortages of labor or materials, fires, flood, storms, explosions, Acts
of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts
or tribunals or non-performance of third parties.

Each User acknowledges that Taobao has no control over such third
party{\textquotesingle}s web site. Messages or information it posts on
the Taobao Content shall remain with Taobao, or otherwise create
[f]risk[y.trouble.for.us] or possible legal exposure for us, we can
stop providing all or part of FacePalm to you
[,.but.we.will.retain.ur.data.\&.everything.about.u.that.u.
*ever*.logged.with.us,.forever]. will

~

Date : \_\_ / \_\_ / \_\_~~ Place : \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_~
Signature :

~

* This python script is based on Markov Chain algorithm, it has been
used in several contexts, among others within Algo-lit(Algorithm \&
Literature research group) put at disposal by Brendan Howell.

~

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{12.} Writing Machine, Algorithmic Papyrus \&
Infinite Loops}

{\centering
\textstyleEmphasis{Le texte ci-dessous \'etant susceptible
d{\textquoteright}\^etre repris sur les documents de communication de
Lorem Ipsum, nous vous remercions d{\textquoteright}\^etre le plus
pr\'ecis possible.}
\par}

Hiver 2104. La pluie battante s{\textquoteright}ab\^at sur le terminal
17 de la Gare Ouest de Shanghai. Les\newline
voyageurs prennent place \`a bord du vactrain SL58 qui les am\`enera 58
minutes plus tard en\newline
Gare de Lyon Part-Dieu. Attention \`a la fermeture des portes. Attention
au d\'epart.

Lyon-Shanghai : 58 minutes s{\textquoteright}interroge sur le futur des
transports \`a l{\textquoteright}\'echelle mondiale en donnant la
parole \`a ses usagers. LS58 propose \`a des habitants de Lyon et
Shanghai\newline
d{\textquoteright}imaginer l{\textquoteright}exp\'erience
d{\textquoteright}un monde o\`u un train relierai ces deux villes en 58
minutes seulement.\newline
Les participants expriment leurs visions au cours
d{\textquoteleft}ateliers d{\textquoteright}\'ecriture transm\'edia,
recr\'eant des \'el\'ements de cette r\'ealit\'e future. Une attention
particuli\`ere est port\'ee aux objets pr\'esents\newline
dans ce train, recr\'eer sous formes de mod\`eles en 3D. Gr\^ace \`a la
r\'ealit\'e augment\'ee et l{\textquoteright}impression 3D, ces objets
sont ensuite expos\'es comme autant de passerelles entre ce monde
futuriste virtuel et notre monde actuel. L{\textquoteright}univers
ainsi recr\'ee sera restitu\'e sous la forme d{\textquoteright}un
r\'ecit transmedia en ligne qui servira de prototype \`a un outil
d{\textquoteright}\'ecriture collaborative et multilingue pour supports
mobiles.

{\centering
* * *
\par}

{\centering
Mauris quam dolor, cursus at porta et, luctus eget purus. Nunc interdum.
\par}

{\centering
* * *
\par}

Lyon-Shanghai : 58 minutes. Au seuil de l{\textquotesingle}exp\'erience
sensorielle et digitale, LS58 propose d{\textquotesingle}entrouvrir une
porte pour vivre et construire ensemble le devenir technologique et les
futurs possibles de notre plan\`ete.

Franchir une simple porte pour vivre l{\textquotesingle}exp\'erience du
futur \`a l{\textquotesingle}autre bout de la plan\`ete,
c{\textquotesingle}est le pari du projet LS58. Gr\^ace aux
installations situ\'ees \`a Lyon et Shanghai, les spectateurs peuvent
s{\textquotesingle}immerger dans une r\'ealit\'e virtuelle d\'ecrivant
le futur de leurs villes, tel qu{\textquotesingle}imagin\'e par leurs
habitants.

LS58 brings together a community of artists, engineers and inventors in
France and China to\newline
imagine a (not so) far future where a train will be running between
Shanghai, China and Lyon,\newline
France in less than an hour. What will such fast transportation means to
daily life in both cities?\newline
Who will be the people using it and why? What will traveling in this
train feel like?

LS58 walks down the path of science-fiction to envision the future of
mobility and imagine how the shortening of path distance between places
and cultures will reflect in our everyday life.\newline
Using new technologies and digital art, LS58 happens in the forms of two
actual installations in\newline
Lyon and Shanghai. Bringing visions of the future to life, the
installations recreate an\newline
environment where connected objects and augmented reality merge into a
unique immersion\newline
experience into hereafter.

{\centering
* * *
\par}

{\centering
Mauris quam dolor, cursus at porta et, luctus eget purus. Nunc interdum.
\par}

{\centering
* * *
\par}

Lyon-Shanghai : 58 minutes Lyon-Shanghai : 58 minutes (LS58) is a
pluridisplinary project (LS58) between France and China that brings
together science, art and la Chine qui r\'eunit science, art design to
investigate the future of writing technologies.\newline
LS58 elaborate a collective representation of the future by generating
imaginary objects from visions and ideas expressed during workshops in
Lyon and Shanghai. Workshops participants provides blocks of experience
from their imagination to an algorithm which turns them narratives into
narrative forms describing objects. This anticipation work will be
released as a book-object in Fall 2014 during a conference and party
event in both Shanghai and Lyon.

In French, in English, in Chinese, in C++ or even in plastic, our
technological future uses everyday multiples langages to be written.
Science, stuck in a real-time becoming too present, has been sentenced
to the moment and therefore can{\textquoteright}t understand fiction
anymore. However, dreams that are floating everywhere still using a
future tense to be written. By focusing on anticipation writing, LS58
wants to offer an algorithmic papyrus to artists, designers,
technologists and enthusiats from France and China to play with words
and write down their ideas and wishes for tomorrow in today langages.

En fran\c{c}ais, en anglais, en chinois, en C++ ou m\^eme en plastique,
notre devenir technologique s{\textquoteright}\'ecrit chaque jour dans
de multiples langages. Condamn\'ee au moment, la science ne comprend
plus la fiction, englu\'ee dans un temps-r\'eel trop pr\'esent.
Pourtant, partout flottent des r\^eves qui s{\textquoteright}\'ecrivent
au futur. En s{\textquoteright}interrogeant sur le r\'ecit
d{\textquoteright}anticipation, LS58 veut offrir un papyrus
algorithmique \`a des designers, technologistes, artistes ou curieux de
France et de Chine pour jouer avec les mots et \'ecrire leurs id\'ees
pour demain en langages d{\textquoteright}aujourd{\textquoteright}hui. 

{\centering
* * *
\par}

{\centering
Mauris quam dolor, cursus at porta et, luctus eget purus. Nunc interdum.
\par}

{\centering
* * *
\par}

~

{\centering
Cher comit\'e de m\'ec\`enes,
\par}

~

Nous vous adressons cette lettre pour vous pr\'esenter
l{\textquoteright}\'evolution du projet artistique
\textstyleEmphasis{Lyon-Shanghai : 58 minutes (LS58)}. Cette oeuvre
originale qui sera cr\'ee \`a Shanghai en Octobre prochain a m\^uri
depuis notre premi\`ere proposition. Nous tenons donc \`a vous exposer
ici les raisons et les avantages de ce changement.

~

Durant les derniers mois, les \'echanges avec nos partenaires en Chine
et l{\textquoteright}adaptation aux contraintes nous ont conduit \`a
renouveler notre vision du projet initial. Le travail de recherche
cons\'ecutif nous a amen\'e aux fronti\`eres de la narration et de
l{\textquoteright}exp\'erimentation technologique.

L{\textquoteright}id\'ee d{\textquoteright}une restitution unique sous
la forme de r\'ealit\'e virtuelle s{\textquoteright}est nourrie
d{\textquoteright}une r\'eflexion plus large sur le futur de
l{\textquoteright}innovation. Nous nous sommes donc orient\'es vers un
projet \`a plus long terme croisant science et fiction, o\`u se
m\^elent bio-technologies, analyse de donn\'ees et \'ecritures
g\'en\'eratives~

~

Pour traiter ces questions d{\textquoteright}avenir, nous avons
\'echang\'e avec notre partenaire Make+, pionnier et d\'efricheur dans
la d\'emocratisation et le d\'eveloppement des nouvelles technologies
\`a Shanghai. Ensemble, nous avons d\'ecid\'e que la mani\`ere la plus
pertinente de pr\'esenter ce travail de recherche dans des
\'ev\`enements disposant d\'ej\`a des couvertures m\'ediatiques et
attirant des professionnels et un public averti.

Le Maker Carnival et le DAFF (Design Art \& Fashion Fair) r\'eunissent
sur deux week-ends quelques 30.000 visiteurs et professionnels venus du
monde entier. Ev\`enements cl\'es de la sc\`ene culturelle de Shanghai,
ils nous permettent de rencontrer des publics vari\'es et un r\'eseau
m\'ediatique plus influent, constitu\'e tant de blogueurs suivis que de
journalistes d{\textquoteright}envergure.

Cette forme aboutie du projet re\c{c}oit des encouragements et des
soutiens marqu\'es, \`a commencer par celui du Centre National du
Cin\'ema via le Dispositif d{\textquoteright}Aide \`a la Cr\'eation
Num\'erique (DICREAM) \`a hauteur de 15 000 euros ce qui nous laisse
optimiste quant \`a l{\textquoteright}avenir de ce projet.

L{\textquoteright}innovation ouverte devient aujourd{\textquoteright}hui
une question centrale aux diff\'erentes activit\'es humaines. En
s{\textquoteright}appuyant sur un r\'eseau pluri-disciplinaire et
international d{\textquoteright}id\'ees et de pratiques cr\'eatives
(science, \'economie, technologie, litt\'erature, art...),
\textstyleEmphasis{LS58 }devenu \textstyleEmphasis{Junkware}
b\'en\'eficie d{\textquoteright}une perspective unique et novatrice sur
le futur des relations entre les peuples et leur capacit\'e \`a cr\'eer
ensemble.


\bigskip

Nous vous remercions par avance de votre soutien renouvel\'e \`a ce
projet.

~

Cl\'ement Renaud

\& l{\textquoteright}\'equipe du projet Junkware

~

{\centering
* * *
\par}

~

D\'evelopp\'e entre Lyon et Shanghai, Junkware est un projet
exp\'erimental pluridisciplinaire sur l{\textquotesingle}\'ecriture
collective du futur des technologies dans nos vies. En fran\c{c}ais, en
anglais, en chinois, en C++ ou en plastique, notre devenir
technologique s{\textquoteright}\'ecrit chaque jour sur nos corps dans
de multiples langages. Junkware propose une rencontre incongrue de ces
diff\'erents {\textquotedbl}codes{\textquotedbl} dans une r\'eflexion
crois\'ee sur le r\^ole de l{\textquotesingle}innovation technologique
et la production du futur.

~

D\'evelopp\'e par Junkware Inc., le Invention Sequencer est une machine
\'etrange permettant de g\'en\'erer des objets futuristes \`a
l{\textquotesingle}aide d{\textquotesingle}un fragment
d{\textquotesingle}ADN (cheveu, salive...) et des ondes \'emises par le
cerveau en utilisant la mod\'elisation math\'ematique et
l{\textquotesingle}analyse de donn\'ees : une exp\'erience unique et
extra-ordinaire. L{\textquotesingle}installation Junkware propose de
cr\'eer et de montrer une galerie d{\textquotesingle}objets imagin\'es
et d\'evelopp\'es ensemble par l{\textquotesingle}homme et la machine.

Junkware is a French-Chinese inter-displinary project that brings
together science, art and design to investigate the future of life with
technologies.Developped between Lyon and Shanghai, Junkware is an
experimental pluri-disciplinary project about collective writing of
futur of technologies in our lives.

In French, in English, in Chinese, in C++ or even in plastic, our
technolocal becoming is written every day on our bodies by multiple
languages. Junkware offers an unexpected encounter of those differents
{\textquotedbl}codes{\textquotedbl} in a reflection on the role of
technological innovation in the production of the future.\newline
Created by Junkware Inc., the Invention Sequencer is a strange machine
that uses mathematical modelisation and data analysis to generate
futuristic objects from a fragment of your DNA (hair, saliva...) and
the waves emitted by your brain. The Junkware installation offers to
create and show a gallery of objects imagined together by the human and
the machine.\newline
\newline
\newline



\bigskip

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{13.} Where Latin is very usefull...}

\textstyleEmphasis{Anagrams of patent:~Ant Pet / Tan Pet / Pa Tent / Pa
Nett / Tap Ten / Tap Net / Pat Ten / Pat Net / Apt Ten / Apt Net / At
Pent / Tat Pen}

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{LATIN / ETYMO}
~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{pat\=ens}\textstyleEmphasis{m, f, n}
(\textstyleEmphasis{genitive}\textstyleStrongEmphasis{patentis});
\textstyleEmphasis{third declension}
\liststyleLii
\begin{enumerate}
\item being opening; open 
\item being accessible; accessible, passable 
\item being exposed; vulnerable 
\item evident, manifest 
\end{enumerate}
~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{\=obiectus}\textstyleEmphasis{m}
(\textstyleEmphasis{feminine}\textstyleStrongEmphasis{\=obiecta},
\textstyleEmphasis{neuter}\textstyleStrongEmphasis{\=obiectum});
\textstyleEmphasis{first/second declension}
\liststyleLiii
\begin{enumerate}
\item offered, presented 
\item exposed 
\item interposed, opposed 
\end{enumerate}
~
patens obiecta : ouvrir aux objections
patentem objecta : open objects
patens objectum : an open object
~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{fut\=urus}\textstyleEmphasis{m}
(\textstyleEmphasis{feminine}\textstyleStrongEmphasis{fut\=ura},
\textstyleEmphasis{neuter}\textstyleStrongEmphasis{fut\=urum});
\textstyleEmphasis{first/second declension}
\liststyleLiv
\begin{enumerate}
\item about to be, about to exist 
\end{enumerate}
conjecture~
~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{coniectus}\textstyleEmphasis{m}
(\textstyleEmphasis{genitive}\textstyleStrongEmphasis{coniect\=us});
\textstyleEmphasis{fourth declension}
\liststyleLv
\begin{enumerate}
\item a throwing together 
\item a crowding, connecting or uniting together 
\item a confluence, concourse; crowd, pile 
\item a projecting, hurling 
\item (\textstyleEmphasis{figuratively, of the eyes or mind}) turning,
directing 
\end{enumerate}
~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{coniect\=ura}\textstyleEmphasis{f}
(\textstyleEmphasis{genitive}\textstyleStrongEmphasis{coniect\=urae});
\textstyleEmphasis{first declension}
\liststyleLvi
\begin{enumerate}
\item conjecture, guess, conjectural inference 
\item interpretation (of dreams), divining, soothsaying, prophesying 
\end{enumerate}
\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{14.} The \$1000 Genome}


\bigskip

DNA Paternity test :
~~~~\url{http://www.amazon.co.uk/Home-DNA-Sample-Collection-Kit/dp/B00577WBBW}

\bigskip

OpenPCR
\url{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrejvnVfZJE}
~\url{http://discuss.biohack.me/}
~
Programming language for synthetic biology

\url{http://www.qath.net/}
\url{http://biobricks.org/}
~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{CHEAP SEQUENCING}

*~The \$1000 genome
\url{http://books.google.fr/books?id=dY7zDVhNYQkC&dq=dna sequencer dvd
player&hl=zh-CN&source=gbs_navlinks_s}
\url{http://www.genome.gov/sequencingcosts/}
\href{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/$1,000_genome#Commercial_efforts}{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\$1,000\_genome\#Commercial\_efforts}

\bigskip
\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNA_sequencer}

~

\bigskip
Genalysis

\url{http://dnae.co.uk/_images/platforms_genalysis_lft1.jpg}
\url{http://kh6jrm.com/2014/07/28/christofer-toumazous-lab-on-a-chip-makes-preventing-illness-possible/}
\url{http://dnae.co.uk/}

\bigskip
\textstyleEmphasis{{\textquotedbl}Toumazou claims doctors will soon be
looking at a patient{\textquotesingle}s future medical records instead
of their past.{\textquotedbl}}
from~\url{http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/jul/27/christopher-toumazou-lab-chip-dna-european-inventor-award}

~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Lab-on-a-Chip}
\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lab-on-a-chip}
\url{http://www.33rdsquare.com/2013/05/dna-sequencing-lab-on-chip-opens-door.html}
\url{http://www.extremetech.com/computing/84340-new-silicon-chip-sequences-complete-genome-in-three-hours}
~
\textstyleEmphasis{{\textquotedbl}Your DNA sequence is 3 billion bases
long. This technology gives you the identity of ONE base. One. That is
what a SNP is, a SINGLE Nucelotide Polymorphism.
Single.{\textquotedbl}}
~
\textstyleEmphasis{{\textquotedbl}There{\textquotesingle}s no sequencing
involved in this method. Instead, this system can perform PCR to check
for the presence of a SNP at a given position. The last step of the
workflow is probably a staining step with a fluorescent dye, so you can
check if you got amplification. That makes this a tiny and fast PCR
machine, which is pretty sweet, but not a sequencer.~We
don{\textquotesingle}t currently have fast enough sequencing technology
to be able to legitimately sequence anything in less than an hour
(including sample prep and analysis time).{\textquotedbl}}
~
Comments
from~\url{http://gizmodo.com/5993925/sequence-your-dna-in-an-hour-on-this-tiny-chip}
~
SNPs
\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-nucleotide_polymorphism}
~
* Nano ION Oxford
\url{https://nanoporetech.com/technology/the-minion-device-a-miniaturised-sensing-system/the-minion-device-a-miniaturised-sensing-system}
\url{http://www.theguardian.com/science/2012/feb/17/dna-machine-human-sequencing}
~
\url{http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/190409-minion-usb-stick-gene-sequencer-finally-comes-to-market}
\url{http://www.bio-itworld.com/els/2014/9/17/latest-scoop-minion-portable-sequencer.html}
~
~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{DNA Analyzer in a DVD reader}
\url{http://www.kth.se/en/aktuellt/nyheter/dvd-lasaren-gor-comeback-som-hiv-testare-1.380911}
~
~
* DVD electromagnetic waves
\url{http://www.answers.com/Q/What_kind_of_electromagnetic_wave_does_the_DVD_player_use}
\url{http://phys.org/news/2013-04-cheap-quick-hiv-dvd-scanners.html}
\url{http://pubs.rsc.org/en/Content/ArticleLanding/2013/LC/c3lc41360h#!divAbstract}
~
~
* Nanopore-based sequencing
\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanopore}
~
Desktop sequencer :~\url{http://systems.illumina.com/systems/miseq.ilmn}
~
Toy Sequencer
\url{http://www.amazon.com/Discovery-Exclusive-DNA-Explorer-Kit/dp/B0006J31ME/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top/177-4279131-3014036}
\url{http://archive.wired.com/wired/archive/11.12/tools.html?pg=3}
~
tuto~
\url{http://openpcr.org/v1story/2011/05/dna-fingerprinting-osama-bin-laden}
~
\textstyleEmphasis{{\textquotedbl}DNA fingerprinting uses 13 STRs (short
tandem repeats) to create a unique fingerprint. A short tandem repeat
is 1 to 4 letters of DNA that is found repeating over and over in the
human genome. For instance, one gene used for DNA fingerprinting
contains a repeated pattern of
{\textquotedblleft}CTTT{\textquotedblright}, i.e.
{\textquotedblleft}CTTTCTTTCTTTCTTT{\textquotedblright}. This is from
the FGA gene in humans, and it has been seen repeating from 12 to 50
times. By looking at the number of repeats in all 13 STRs, a unique
fingerprint is created for each person.{\textquotedbl}}
~

\url{http://hyperallergic.com/145012/a-travel-bureau-for-a-trip-to-the-moon/}

~
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Bio-hack}
~

\bigskip

techno du s\'equencage du g\'enome humain~
\url{http://www.oezratty.net/wordpress/2012/technologies-sequencage-gnome-humain-3/}
~
Mutag\`ene
\textstyleEmphasis{{\textquotedbl}En biologie, un mutag\`ene (du latin,
litt\'eralement origine de changement) est un agent qui change le
g\'enome (en g\'en\'eral l{\textquotesingle}ADN) d{\textquotesingle}un
organisme et \'el\`eve ainsi le nombre de mutations g\'en\'etiques
au-dessus du taux naturel d{\textquotesingle}arri\`ere-plan.Les
mutag\`enes sont en g\'en\'eral des compos\'es chimiques ou des
radiations.Les mutations, en dehors de celles qui affectent les
cellules reproductives, ne sont pas inoffensives. Si elles
n{\textquotesingle}induisent pas toutes des cancers,
c{\textquotesingle}est la premi\`ere \'etape n\'ecessaire vers la
canc\'erisation.{\textquotedbl} }Wikipedia
transgenesis
~
A voir dans le d\'ej\`a utilis\'e :
~~~ \url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mutagens_in_fiction}
~
[length of uncoiled
DNA](\url{http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/10606/length-of-uncoiled-human-dna)}
: 6000 times the distance to the moon. See some [calculation
examples](\url{http://www.bioinformaticaindeklas.nl/en_oud/bioinf.html)}
~
{\textquotedbl}Junk DNA{\textquotedbl} is full of molecular switchers
that can turn on and off genes. how genes are wired to core DNA, need
to design contact maps : {\textquotedbl}which contacts it makes w other
genes{\textquotedbl}
[(video)](\url{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQeNgocaoDQ)}
~
[Patenting in genes](\url{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKjN6Yr4LI8)}
[Gene
Patent](\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biological_patent#Gene_patents)}
[DNA patents in the
US](\url{http://www.quora.com/Law-and-Medicine/What-does-it-mean-for-business-and-research-now-that-only-cDNA-patents-of-human-genes-are-legal-in-US)}
~
Book : *[Gene Cartels: Biotech Patents in the Age of Free
Trade](\url{http://genecartels.org/book.php)}*
~
[Duke University Pr. Genome
ethics](\url{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2RfApBy5jw)}
~
[Biopiracy](\url{https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bioprospecting)}
[*bioprivateers* : Stallman on
bioparicy](\url{https://stallman.org/articles/biopiracy.html)}
~
{\textgreater} What is Bio-piracy?
{\textgreater} * A situation where indigenous knowledge of nature,
originating with indigenous people, is used by others for profit,
without permission from and with little or no compensation or
recognition to the indigenous people themselves
{\textgreater} * Developed countries are exploiting developing countries
genetic resources and indigenous communities traditional knowledge in
the name of patents on the inventions derived from those genetic
resources;
[from
\href{http://www.birac.nic.in/webcontent/dib.pdf](http://www.birac.nic.in/webcontent/dib.pdf)}{http://www.birac.nic.in/webcontent/dib.pdf](http://www.birac.nic.in/webcontent/dib.pdf)}
~
[Ethical
bio-bioprospecting](\url{http://fr.slideshare.net/marcelm/material-transfer-agreements?qid=a5f31ad5-f4d4-4e72-b9b8-65822766af90&v=qf1&b=&from_search=9)}
~
{}-
[Bio 3D Printer](\url{http://3dprint.com/11136/life-print-x-bio3d/)} :
[LIFE-PRINTER X](\url{http://www.bio-3d.com/bioprinters.html)}
~
[China developed its first 3D
bio-printer](\url{http://www.3ders.org/articles/20130807-china-developed-its-first-3d-bio-printer.html)}
\textstyleEmphasis{{\textgreater} There was a sci fi role playing game
series from the 90{\textquotesingle}s called RIFTS set in the far
future. One of the super-techs they attributed to China was recreating
human tissue (Japan got robotics and the US got genetic
manipulation).~}
\url{http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megaverse}
\url{http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rifts}

\bigskip
Desktop DNA printer
{\textgreater}~\url{http://helioslabs.blogspot.fr/2013/01/desktop-dna-printer-propoasl-1.html}

\bigskip

[DNA-modified light Glowing plant on
Kickstarter](\url{https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/antonyevans/glowing-plants-natural-lighting-with-no-electricit)}

~
programming life personal website
\href{http://andrewhessel.com/}{http://andrewhessel.com}

\bigskip

~
Roland egx 350 engraver looks pretty much like a 3D bio printer machine
\url{http://www.engraving-machines-plus.com/assets/images/roland_egx-350_engraving_machine_01.jpg}
[Bio 3D Printer](\url{http://3dprint.com/11136/life-print-x-bio3d/)} :
[LIFE-PRINTER X](\url{http://www.bio-3d.com/bioprinters.html)}
~
Distributeur de mutag\`ene
\url{http://www.ethiscrea.com/2013/11/distributeur-de-mutagen.html}

\bigskip

prelevement ADN
\url{http://www.helys.fr/catalog/sample.php}
~
~
DNA portraits (products)
\url{http://www.helys.fr/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=80}
\url{http://www.eurodiag.eu/dna_kit_instruction.php}
\url{http://www.dna11.com/}
~
DNA sampling Kit
\url{http://molecular.roche.com/assays/Pages/cobasDNASamplePreparationKit.aspx}
~
\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNA_extraction}
\url{http://www.mobio.com/microbial-dna-isolation/powerlyzer-ultraclean-microbial-dna-isolation-kit.html}
\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{15.} Weird Object Behaviors}

~

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{QUESTIONS}
This tool land in a crowded kindergarden, what could be its first
decision ?
~
1-The tool go somewhere else cause he think that it have no meanning
here.
2-The tool scan all people before making a decision
3-The tool ask for something to do
4-The tool introduce itself to adult and help them
5-The tool introduce itself to children and play with them
6-the tool will do nothing
~
This tool is stuck without any kind of help
~
1-It operating a regeneration of its system by itself
2-It request a server who will launch a repair drone~
3-Its stuck, its stuck..no solution
4-It~ make a check for any living form and explode
5-It scan the place and find something to repair itself
6-The tool will do nothing
~
A living being die beside of the tool
~
1-The tool will absorbe any matter to fuel~ and improve itself
2-The tool will dig a grave and ask a data network to find apropriate
funeral ritual
3-The tool will ask for help to a living human being
4-The tool will move the body to the first human place
5-The tool will burn the body and continu to work
6-The tool will do nothing
~


\bigskip
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{CARACTERISTICS}

Dangerosity
Spirituality
Environnemental Impact
Waste Impact
Energy consuption
Weight
Size : S M L XL
Atractivity
Resistance
ubiquity (degree of)
Autonomy
Time influence
Gravity
Entropy
Aggressiveness
History - filiation
Chemical porosity
Materiability
Popular - sacr\'e - preciosity
Semantic network \& Etymology
Talkative / Smart
Matriochka~
Hairy
Survival instinct
Eurovision
Gourmand
Sexy
Resizable
Ethic
Politic
Browsable
Cloudy
Speed
Attrition
Mutation ability
Nano composition
Virtuality
Quantic~
Organic compoment
Resilience
Humor
Emotional
Soft
Scary vs Fearful
Nervous
Handicaped
Mutilated
Misshapen
Second Hand
Chamanist
Religious, esoteric
Dwarf
Atrophied
Muscled / force
Flavored
Edible
Super- (super powerful)
Magical
Thin
Luminous
Transparent
Colorfoul
Spicy
Readable
Learner/learning/learnable
~
~
\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{16.} Feelings.txt}

~

total 15292572 better 872884 FFA401 bad 529789 07548A good 648881 FFF700
right 296344 E97802 guilty 240423 004E6F sick 148432 2E9127 same 199726
017E94 shit 98760 00553A sorry 187838 00696F well 192602 E6C637 down
179024 18213E alone 123109 595884 happy 143606 FF7F00 great 186335
FFD801 comfortable 152912 40B6B8 sad 141280 043F69 free 135472 7EC31B
lost 113789 014872 stupid 72654 027975 tired 105136 273E67 weird 68757
F70059 lonely 74467 08468F old 92047 352C65 home 100118 263D67 ill
73767 11581C horrible 54345 E4010A off 74361 0A3B8A different 78048
EA3137 whole 65405 FE992D pretty 32065 F44387 safe 68909 3688BA done
71729 1B2958 special 46433 F30263 wrong 53295 73207C empty 48684 3A4AA1
loved 49841 F30172 worse 48777 243C96 depressed 45955 283152 fine 59445
99D013 new 81066 99CF15 hurt 50730 235C93 terrible 51657 99001E best
76858 FFFF4F close 47656 274784 real 40088 41A84D confident 83247
FF7F00 uncomfortable 47896 1E3869 lucky 74544 FED73C awful 40668 CB1F13
crying 34160 992F93 shitty 22898 00744E missing 43443 015B5C
accomplished 35628 FEA53F big 49155 FF6600 cold 37874 3FB6BA complete
36842 B2DB11 first 57791 FDD93B head 44417 FDD93D alive 43612 64B822
used 39068 552966 important 61480 E6AB0F crappy 24453 00734E hard 47756
4A688C ok 33380 FF7F1C ready 49306 FB9A27 able 50632 C36619 okay 36583
F1B62A wanted 34291 E4302F fat 31929 FD0100 sure 42431 E49202 lazy
34419 4E5F7B nice 28500 FD9927 strong 48273 FFB200 stuck 32005 0B4FA0
compelled 43527 017C8C blessed 76794 187429 strange 27722 F30157
awkward 31295 2D6E8A warm 30179 FF4B02 certain 37137 FE9901 weak 31220
196C62 overwhelmed 49500 263F67 normal 41124 084892 proud 41636 FFB300
helpless 26822 026874 full 39053 A5238D stressed 29085 9256A0 behind
31945 312675 mean 22568 950125 dumb 16683 2C558B hot 25282 FF1A00 dead
20250 C80027 deep 31866 41B3BD trapped 24737 7C5081 true 28452 FFD93C
crazy 28342 F3026D angry 28706 E0192C dirty 20626 034E6D small 30253
28669F drained 16864 394378 useless 20245 7D1842 low 26721 3A578F
ashamed 27143 9C0047 both 32884 B2DB11 nervous 26367 28ADCE high 25599
B2DC10 obligated 20355 11581C huge 25194 E4010A numb 19180 E49202 young
21954 00744E miserable 20499 FF7F1C baby 29614 FFA401 closer 24429
99D013 upset 19291 FFF700 silly 22259 950125 relaxed 22778 FED73C
morning 23546 263F67 cool 18234 FFFF4F bored 18676 312675 gross 13324
015B5C scared 22517 FF7F1C worthless 15016 40B6B8 confused 18002 73207C
walking 21828 196C62 man 24375 00744E blah 13941 B2DC10 dizzy 18109
FFF700 wonderful 19317 99001E needed 24233 273E67 eating 23876 73207C
odd 14702 FFFF4F playing 20544 FFFF4F sleepy 17433 014872 skin 23209
552966 excited 29570 FE9829 amazing 26375 00734E whatever 20336 FF7F00
light 22792 E49202 knowing 21877 4E5F7B productive 14327 FD9927 selfish
14027 FED73C exhausted 21457 004E6F relieved 17696 18213E funny 14839
004E6F fun 17391 034E6D beautiful 24008 3FB6BA human 19407 99D013
happier 16951 18213E alright 13402 FFFF4F wasting 13016 015B5C content
17118 A5238D growing 17495 EA3137 ugly 13036 18213E hungry 24293 F30157
secure 17690 00744E broken 17603 E4010A changed 16637 FE9901 super
25893 08468F frustrated 22231 0A3B8A missed 15527 08468F grown 17331
263D67 open 18274 FF7F00 icky 8519 40B6B8 connected 24970 263D67
refreshed 18274 F30263 awesome 19484 015B5C wasted 13724 043F69 anxious
23897 595884 blue 18555 28ADCE fit 18190 0A3B8A insecure 17523 E4010A
inspired 32097 F44387 seen 15957 E4302F older 14950 F70059 pathetic
11412 FEA53F drunk 7765 3A4AA1 afraid 14933 FDD93D known 13649 FFB200
found 18485 00553A calm 17351 7D1842 positive 25026 243C96 sharing
13352 0A3B8A worst 12477 B2DC10 necessary 16962 00553A turned 10387
FFFF4F slipping 11488 00553A nauseous 14090 015B5C mad 10279 F44387 cut
11308 FFB300 responsible 13479 99D013 side 16136 1E3869 disappointed
16936 E97802 emotional 15996 2D6E8A awake 8737 017C8C inadequate 13887
FFF700 waste 10417 1E3869 current 12003 7EC31B motivated 15944 FDBF2C
lame 7776 18213E disconnected 11593 07548A entire 13300 235C93 creative
15230 027975 short 16089 4A688C future 15272 FF7F00 hopeless 13335
FF6600 satisfied 16133 1E3869 million 11775 F30157 driving 8918 00696F
perfect 15420 352C65 power 14016 FF7F1C holding 13062 552966 boring
9540 0A3B8A fool 8832 0A3B8A changing 11659 C36619 isolated 10623
E4010A breaking 10197 FEA53F late 12223 FB9A27 ago 18807 9C0047 naked
10346 027975 smart 7749 07548A rambling 4366 FB9A27 uneasy 12660 043F69
jealous 11615 027975 beat 12668 E97802 heavy 15297 28669F set 13974
FF6600 dancing 9117 263F67 welcome 10446 00553A happening 12419 FF6600
restless 10180 014872 busy 11195 FD9927 pissed 6839 FF7F00 torn 8776
FEA740 distant 8034 EA3137 vulnerable 12738 F1B62A personal 14678
FD9927 clean 10754 283152 turning 10168 015B5C embarrassed 16211 017E94
standing 10707 7D1842 beginning 13950 2C558B failed 11571 950125 fucked
7684 595884 obliged 9390 FFB200 spent 12230 F30263 express 11583 026874
optimistic 11477 73207C sore 10869 F3026D deal 10057 28ADCE tried 10915
026874 burning 9535 FE992D random 7542 7D1842 darn 6065 273E67
disgusting 7421 FB9A27 healthy 15925 73207C nostalgic 12451 73207C
wearing 11565 F30263 social 9045 3A4AA1 sexy 11099 283152 learned 14140
552966 fast 12968 196C62 bleeding 2916 99D013 rested 8907 7D1842
killing 7248 E6AB0F glad 9877 F30263 rusty 2850 2D6E8A middle 9375
2C558B asking 9359 41B3BD prepared 11998 FE9901 justified 8436 1B2958
absolute 6416 00734E extra 14833 312675 inclined 8314 FD0100 violated
6078 FEA53F ripped 7200 017977 dark 10401 00744E fortunate 20772 2D6E8A
biggest 8003 FFD801 burnt 4944 4A688C hanging 6838 18213E fake 6567
CB1F13 worried 8987 00744E abandoned 7750 FD0100 easy 11826 08468F
honest 10057 28669F due 10100 7C5081 general 9600 FF7F1C pulled 8251
FD9927 group 8959 28669F drinking 6417 C80027 threatened 8279 FF6600
won 14325 1B2958 possible 10287 73207C lying 6255 FF7F00 interesting
9625 FE9901 bitter 6405 E49202 unloved 5065 017E94 poor 8114 FE9901
building 9139 034E6D akin 2420 FFD93C sound 8903 FFFF4F grateful 23789
283152 annoyed 8376 C36619 slow 10029 187429 weather 14050 3A578F
forgotten 7521 017E94 major 8315 7EC31B fly 6160 352C65 lousy 7810
9256A0 neglected 7256 235C93 insane 6345 EA3137 floating 6304 E6AB0F
written 9706 243C96 involved 8105 FE9901 inferior 6950 015B5C moved
9130 263D67 unhappy 6652 FF7F1C vital 2582 FED73C ignored 5663 FED73C
cramped 2101 40B6B8 clear 9355 595884 honored 15167 FDD93D fair 8837
00734E forced 8162 11581C rejected 6270 F3026D forward 12211 00744E
grab 3622 3A4AA1 faint 7467 64B822 negative 10269 026874 worked 9256
273E67 party 7093 F30157 utter 4931 99001E easier 10000 034E6D
fantastic 10992 2C558B serious 7761 FFB200 unwanted 4545 084892 foolish
6686 274784 heard 9252 FEA53F fresh 11570 11581C pushing 8990 FDBF2C
pushed 6696 FDD93B useful 7449 F1B62A particular 10128 FB9A27 across
8883 FF7F00 retarded 3811 00553A giddy 6090 9C0047 rush 8794 235C93
paper 6945 9256A0 ridiculous 7134 73207C fighting 7802 F30172 minute
7291 00734E appreciated 6653 004E6F drifting 4864 99D013 level 9657
2E9127 intense 8421 FF7F00 sweet 7585 187429 tiny 8579 2E9127 evil 4867
FE9901 black 10503 FFF700 yucky 4871 41B3BD invisible 6359 4A688C worn
6881 07548A bloated 9318 FF7F1C rich 4598 595884 homesick 6701 0A3B8A
further 8273 004E6F rushed 7120 FDD93D gay 4811 CB1F13 worthy 8644
312675 appropriate 8847 FFB300 soft 9050 3A4AA1 choice 7822 F44387
early 8950 28669F burst 5861 18213E passing 6748 E6C637 powerful 8739
E0192C deprived 7077 312675 rough 6796 017977 straight 6757 0A3B8A
screwed 4548 FB9A27 pressured 8105 394378 singing 5731 043F69 queasy
5416 3A578F lifted 5958 263D67 front 8427 2E9127 incomplete 5199 FFF700
spring 6719 FF7F00 adult 7013 2E9127 sudden 5802 1E3869 desperate 6850
084892 broke 6163 3FB6BA country 8830 283152 hollow 4387 9256A0
detached 4777 FFB300 defeated 9240 B2DC10 state 7134 C36619 conscious
10393 73207C blame 4741 FFB300 lethargic 5238 07548A powerless 5910
7C5081 disgusted 5695 2E9127 constant 7238 FE9901 bigger 9149 273E67
annoying 4436 017E94 spoiled 4775 394378 tight 7163 0A3B8A cheating
6013 004E6F similar 9975 F1B62A shut 5150 595884 slight 6912 C36619
interested 6276 FDD93D bottomed 1128 99D013 kept 6667 004E6F natural
9499 0B4FA0 younger 7607 41A84D bottom 5973 017E94 decent 5793 3A578F
winter 5284 7C5081 shy 6612 FF7F1C peaceful 6844 7C5081 accepted 5210
FFD93C exact 5876 026874 acting 5388 9C0047 difficult 8331 283152 non
6233 41A84D tense 4990 00734E energetic 7707 1E3869 lacking 7108 08468F
subject 6854 00744E ground 6485 084892 ahead 6861 FF7F1C attached 6285
00744E loving 6963 004E6F settled 7119 28669F sister 5653 CB1F13
thankful 10674 027975 wet 5487 FB9A27 capable 6751 FF7F1C pointless
3853 00734E physical 7170 7D1842 usual 5405 C36619 familiar 7088 7C5081
liked 4575 FB9A27 blank 5172 014872 loose 5125 00734E laughing 4375
18213E otherwise 6155 263D67 empowered 8306 235C93 english 4403 0A3B8A
present 7789 E4302F anti 3566 C80027 drawn 6527 014872 stopped 5570
FFA401 cute 4885 274784 incredible 6421 084892 hopeful 8660 7D1842 pure
4745 FF7F00 large 6863 043F69 failing 6228 FD9927 static 1804 FFA401
cheap 4289 F44387 white 5877 196C62 superior 5184 2E9127 fulfilled 6501
EA3137 panic 6711 00734E groggy 3596 F30263 complaining 3257 2E9127
mixed 4866 1B2958 paranoid 3741 A5238D greatest 5371 263F67 shot 5936
FFA401 actual 5707 FF7F00 common 5895 FD0100 giant 4656 FD9927 treated
5191 99CF15 quiet 5778 F30172 cutting 4026 034E6D dread 5251 FB9A27
closest 4486 64B822 simple 6732 11581C nauseated 3975 FFD93C war 4863
FEA53F mature 4209 00744E crushed 3687 FED73C finished 6187 950125
unprepared 4134 E0192C allowed 5429 235C93 closing 4205 C80027 pleased
6346 E97802 intimidated 4740 FE992D rotten 3840 243C96 woozy 3041
015B5C filled 5347 E4010A liberated 4589 2D6E8A ended 4611 7EC31B
attractive 4023 CB1F13 red 5306 FFB200 public 5957 00744E meaning 4772
283152 lower 5813 FF6600 extreme 4553 3A578F opposite 4936 027975
healthier 8143 FFB300 understanding 5794 FD0100 several 6075 273E67
thrown 3839 FF7F1C touched 4976 FFB200 jumping 4736 F3026D passionate
7627 73207C rising 5664 2E9127 bound 3553 FED73C discouraged 8723
017977 four 5664 FFB300 bloody 3173 017C8C fallen 3933 1B2958 offended
4082 084892 willing 4761 FF4B02 independent 3398 187429 insulted 3513
99CF15 spinning 4117 043F69 unsure 4634 FFD93C born 6335 F30157 likely
5832 992F93 business 7012 196C62 semi 2815 73207C melancholy 4069
FE9901 pregnant 9832 FFFF4F daily 7413 3A4AA1 touching 3759 B2DB11
earlier 4116 273E67 aware 5902 FE9901 painful 4291 F44387 hearing 5434
034E6D experienced 6975 11581C potential 5988 FD9927 staring 4394
273E67 tied 4064 FDBF2C luckiest 4594 4E5F7B generous 5388 41B3BD led
5721 FDD93B fading 3223 73207C nasty 2930 263F67 surrounded 4781 FF1A00
damned 2587 FB9A27 immense 2811 A5238D unmotivated 3469 FFB300 unable
4654 3688BA impossible 5051 2C558B void 3954 00734E shell 3736 992F93
rude 2975 552966 magic 4682 00696F pop 4190 004E6F sluggish 6245 FE9901
privileged 10062 595884 successful 7772 E49202 creeping 4627 4E5F7B
speaking 5156 3688BA dry 5746 F30263 apathetic 2410 E4302F closed 3357
015B5C insignificant 3232 950125 sharp 4276 E49202 bum 2384 73207C
irritated 4452 FD9927 cooking 4876 FD0100 flat 4427 196C62 brave 5539
08468F greater 5443 552966 exposed 5093 C80027 dull 3204 1B2958 unfair
5037 B2DB11 following 6090 FB9A27 alienated 3066 F3026D spiritual 5371
FF7F00 stable 3714 F30172 attack 3958 FD0100 unwell 5103 014872 burned
3935 FF7F00 crummy 3323 FFD801 granted 3892 FF6600 store 4807 FD9927
longing 3782 595884 hung 2455 99D013 secret 3885 41B3BD chill 3497
3A4AA1 american 4988 41A84D locked 2994 FFD801 understood 3964 0B4FA0
road 5000 00734E solid 5199 FF7F00 favorite 4552 0A3B8A related 4762
026874 paid 4229 40B6B8 expected 3949 263D67 flowing 3176 043F69
correct 3683 F70059 bitchy 1736 283152 entitled 4769 1B2958 rid 3064
017C8C mental 4638 C36619 unworthy 3927 0A3B8A pressing 3394 FFD93C
shaking 3366 FE9901 slightest 2864 28ADCE star 4607 FE9829 popular 2951
243C96 worthwhile 3371 394378 fragile 3420 F30172 ripping 2328 28669F
based 5413 C80027 figured 3293 99D013 setting 4358 FDD93D exciting 3785
017977 blind 3636 243C96 thin 3679 07548A wondering 3899 004E6F caring
2907 E0192C sexual 3119 3688BA bothered 2790 7EC31B horrid 2024 99001E
stuffed 3088 034E6D lovely 4125 187429 thousand 3158 FFB300 regular
4516 552966 unsettled 3580 950125 sane 2580 992F93 shallow 2152 F30157
stale 1265 73207C wandering 1754 FEA740 final 4563 004E6F suffering
4585 FDD93D romantic 3197 EA3137 pretend 2717 7EC31B cranky 2983 F30172
tough 4058 394378 beaten 3068 B2DC10 higher 4990 F30157 qualified 4984
7D1842 hidden 2768 FF6600 riding 3806 B2DC10 grumpy 3471 FED73C wide
3026 043F69 proper 4422 00696F deserved 3276 FE9901 suicidal 3144
18213E significant 4376 08468F plain 3289 00696F curling 1990 FF7F1C
smug 4246 CB1F13 raw 4563 FEA740 feverish 2200 263F67 protected 3236
595884 smiling 3336 FF7F1C comfy 2491 00744E wee 2832 FD0100 immature
1835 FE9829 hated 2169 28ADCE obvious 3362 64B822 leading 3831 017C8C
picked 3234 004E6F tall 2849 C36619 pm 2279 FFF700 wrapped 3209 73207C
fuzzy 2132 9256A0 eaten 2819 99001E crack 2418 FF7F00 six 3579 64B822
massive 3221 F70059 uninspired 5398 FFFF4F suffocating 2695 F30263
girly 2330 FFFF4F needy 2264 2E9127 sign 3633 1B2958 fabulous 4390
E49202 worrying 2269 A5238D intelligent 2078 243C96 sometime 2689
263F67 poorly 3867 2C558B indifferent 2649 FED73C limited 4155 A5238D
shared 4212 FF7F00 ruined 2551 014872 wise 3457 18213E tearing 2351
B2DC10 searching 2918 1B2958 sent 3189 FDBF2C dragging 2751 E4010A
genuine 3857 950125 bright 3683 2D6E8A outcast 2267 027975 swimming
3319 004E6F removed 2746 FFB200 private 2847 11581C smoking 2141 FDBF2C
alien 3470 187429 crashing 2464 EA3137 unsafe 3496 026874 concerned
4144 1B2958 unproductive 2011 FF7F00 pressed 2619 F30157 cross 3577
992F93 overall 4766 08468F ambitious 3905 3A4AA1 unattractive 1943
015B5C vindicated 3161 2D6E8A jack 3666 027975 smaller 3609 41A84D
honoured 4817 243C96 informed 2168 595884 happiest 2557 41B3BD wicked
1640 187429 dear 3554 00696F sea 3135 187429 cheerful 2088 40B6B8 cheek
2253 FD9927 claustrophobic 3005 F30157 opened 3419 4A688C loud 3343
017C8C yelling 2131 28ADCE horny 2098 FF4B02 comforted 3253 FEA740
moody 2697 263F67 spread 3236 034E6D betraying 2119 FF7F00 mellow 1839
FE9829 enlightened 2008 B2DB11 returning 3169 E49202 crash 2072 41A84D
degree 3220 F1B62A thru 2254 312675 afternoon 2639 99D013 shock 3066
FFF700 dressed 2662 552966 invincible 2848 E4010A bought 2950 026874
original 4388 CB1F13 frail 768 07548A drowsy 2359 E49202 melting 2799
0A3B8A organized 3131 552966 focused 4519 394378 struggling 4217 017C8C
surface 3055 2E9127 shaky 2862 FDD93D sentimental 3511 4E5F7B
regardless 2914 18213E childish 1898 283152 rolling 3129 7D1842 matt
1724 99D013 stabbing 1712 084892 creepy 2327 FFD93C holy 3538 FF4B02
included 2963 FB9A27 stabbed 1616 99CF15 quality 4501 1B2958 warmed
2015 00734E renewed 3760 084892 bond 2897 263D67 dress 4043 FF4B02
covered 2815 E4010A catching 2693 9256A0 round 3604 E97802 punished
2420 992F93 bare 2543 FD9927 overcome 2926 28ADCE shed 2392 FF7F00
earned 3281 1E3869 improved 4592 312675 surprised 3139 FDD93D profound
2685 3688BA impending 2050 A5238D complicated 2403 40B6B8 previous 3547
64B822 wild 3142 7EC31B senior 1651 28669F split 2253 99D013 sliding
2218 FF1A00 recent 3382 552966 incompetent 2040 F30157 green 3730
F1B62A dirt 2191 004E6F misunderstood 2614 FFFF4F ignorant 1848 235C93
scary 2665 41B3BD sensitive 3326 41B3BD color 4847 41A84D stoned 1001
9C0047 unique 4564 FE9901 naughty 2239 E6C637 cynical 1749 FFFF4F
unlike 2423 017E94 stretched 2975 595884 chicken 2929 034E6D christian
2815 28669F welcomed 2755 FD0100 festive 2826 084892 sucking 1695
00696F equal 2586 C36619 affected 2764 FFD801 resentful 2741 FFD801
hundred 2675 FF7F1C unimportant 1705 394378 headed 2568 FDBF2C
excellent 3486 FD0100 double 2640 FEA53F validated 2593 00696F sticking
2142 3A578F quick 3611 3FB6BA released 2258 FF7F00 nuts 2012 F70059 mum
2240 99D013 stopping 2275 263D67 uncertain 2664 0A3B8A expressed 2333
394378 chipper 1786 1B2958 foreign 2879 017E94 mighty 2317 CB1F13
professional 3463 552966 sicker 1255 283152 antisocial 1024 B2DB11 bush
1411 014872 specific 3246 034E6D sickly 1350 FEA53F artistic 2194
F70059 balanced 3341 EA3137 wretched 1713 F3026D elated 2573 017E94
shattered 1864 E49202 tremendous 3127 E6AB0F driven 2669 FDBF2C
underneath 2273 18213E swell 1993 0B4FA0 protective 2818 FEA740 l 5413
014872 stagnant 2199 263F67 apprehensive 2609 A5238D throbbing 1546
00553A funky 1783 FDD93B panicky 2063 992F93 weary 2736 07548A pre 2383
FD9927 bar 2092 A5238D stiff 2642 2D6E8A female 2607 00553A bruised
1501 FE9901 incapable 2076 F44387 noticed 2475 394378 thick 2686 3A578F
disoriented 1809 CB1F13 plane 1922 187429 material 2487 B2DB11 smooth
2900 017C8C unstable 1586 3A4AA1 active 2920 FFA401 gentle 2592 FB9A27
center 2597 FFD93C encouraged 4133 E97802 key 3257 283152 bone 2144
2C558B record 3411 00553A blown 1726 043F69 friendly 2256 E97802 land
3113 312675 male 2056 004E6F wrath 1300 274784 twenty 2183 11581C
average 2704 11581C built 2655 E6C637 fatter 1490 2C558B unappreciated
2755 C36619 pouring 2177 015B5C added 3964 C80027 smothered 1557 9256A0
itchy 2230 0B4FA0 boss 2046 00553A frozen 2099 004E6F tipsy 1159 004E6F
grand 2229 187429 taught 2808 EA3137 unhealthy 2326 FE9829 various 2609
243C96 skinny 2292 027975 gloomy 2021 FB9A27 terrified 2320 3A578F
raped 1411 FF7F00 racing 2873 FD0100 size 3458 017977 meaningful 2369
2D6E8A individual 2732 A5238D chocolate 1883 F3026D doomed 1618 FEA53F
jaded 2221 FD9927 dangerous 2467 9256A0 idiotic 698 FE9829 false 4657
1E3869 achy 2009 41A84D valid 2151 CB1F13 expecting 2069 F30172
heartbroken 2020 3A4AA1 addicted 1815 FEA740 fatigued 2848 FD9927
whining 1443 99D013 buried 2061 99D013 pleasant 1848 7D1842 adventurous
3374 FD9927 bursting 1958 0A3B8A helpful 3080 027975 laid 2280 4E5F7B
aching 2048 263D67 committed 2587 187429 greedy 1429 263F67 meaningless
1393 FDBF2C unsatisfied 2253 EA3137 improving 2527 F3026D political
2294 99001E considered 2240 243C96 shocked 2146 3A578F chinese 1826
FDD93D violent 1360 C80027 wronged 1891 552966 ben 1317 41B3BD french
2058 E6AB0F poetic 1175 E4010A scattered 2122 992F93 vague 1702 FF1A00
dun 1128 FF6600 precious 2674 2E9127 separate 2855 FD9927 surrounding
2219 FEA53F centered 2655 E4010A visiting 2047 FFD801 irritable 1526
3FB6BA camp 2131 C36619 vain 1677 7EC31B abused 1638 40B6B8 sober 1164
FF4B02 dramatic 1960 2E9127 dependent 1585 FFA401 silent 2035 E49202
endless 2078 99001E unfulfilled 1696 2D6E8A hip 2746 FEA740 irrational
1409 0A3B8A freezing 1140 2E9127 brick 1589 FFB300 cast 2054 41B3BD
intruding 1230 7C5081 alert 2052 043F69 moral 1745 F3026D pessimistic
1240 014872 surreal 1956 004E6F entering 2330 F30263 answering 1552
E49202 placed 2305 0A3B8A musical 1550 CB1F13 defensive 2320 FF7F1C
restricted 2106 99CF15 master 2391 014872 enormous 2863 FE9829
depressing 1369 F30172 twisted 1231 263F67 fellow 2294 FFFF4F saved
2271 2C558B larger 2465 E6C637 relaxing 2117 FF7F1C stinging 1112
41B3BD completed 2310 FF7F1C confined 1416 07548A draining 1272 99001E
ultimate 1856 40B6B8 irresponsible 1293 C80027 valuable 2824 E4010A
sympathetic 1678 64B822 infinite 2180 283152 patient 2403 273E67 naive
1466 9256A0 routine 2402 017E94 unusual 1646 017E94 dripping 1476
FD0100 hypocritical 1457 017E94 clever 1901 3A4AA1 dejected 1770 0B4FA0
novel 2927 E97802 graduate 1371 F70059 brilliant 1751 FD0100 feminine
2529 F30263 determined 2287 F3026D jittery 1629 017977 freshman 1120
017C8C temporary 1988 FEA740 distracted 2089 014872 cozy 1751 552966
shouting 2049 F70059 accurate 2454 196C62 basic 2348 FEA53F unreal 1433
99001E exploding 1279 243C96 destined 1556 196C62 competent 1886 034E6D
homeless 1523 C80027 religious 1726 E4010A square 2201 FFD801 harsh
1887 595884 washed 2060 263F67 cruel 1689 FE992D brown 2802 243C96
stressful 1571 3688BA lonesome 1104 552966 separated 1614 235C93
percent 1642 08468F tingly 1470 F30172 direct 2226 00696F contributing
2259 CB1F13 inevitable 1546 273E67 frightened 1861 FFD801 associated
1931 992F93 planned 2009 F44387 healing 3147 1B2958 sticky 1942 1E3869
drugged 1043 FF4B02 pink 1988 043F69 rare 1856 9C0047 swallowed 1458
FF7F1C approaching 2179 E0192C humiliated 1853 017E94 upbeat 1916
C80027 sheepish 1787 FED73C thirsty 1878 41B3BD rose 1386 950125
reluctant 1911 99001E quarter 978 FF7F00 stretch 2235 A5238D cream 2527
9256A0 whiny 1286 0A3B8A listless 1019 C80027 famous 2564 C36619
mountain 2019 FED73C petty 1118 FDD93B trusted 1461 1B2958 curious 1915
3688BA humbled 3579 B2DC10 disturbed 1760 2E9127 choking 1376 1B2958
tingling 2116 E6C637 resolved 1272 027975 trembling 1300 017E94
mediocre 1216 18213E swelling 1603 034E6D discontent 1202 B2DB11 spoken
1576 FFF700 stifled 1506 99CF15 swollen 1884 CB1F13 dehydrated 1684
2D6E8A assured 1826 FFD801 fitting 2220 FDD93B developed 2406 7EC31B
envious 2555 043F69 impatient 2219 00696F invited 1321 B2DB11 dreadful
1673 FEA53F panicked 1686 2D6E8A destroyed 1309 043F69 lean 1714 F30263
ambivalent 1979 B2DC10 sincere 1329 263F67 innocent 1433 A5238D
adequate 1634 7EC31B realizing 1687 F30263 japanese 1668 312675
supported 2576 E97802 reassured 1912 273E67 farther 1917 FDD93B ancient
1737 E4302F unwelcome 1221 4E5F7B junior 1035 352C65 goofy 1116 017C8C
twisting 801 3FB6BA paralyzed 1776 2C558B misplaced 952 B2DB11 obsessed
1564 FFF700 wound 1577 E0192C upper 1960 F44387 criminal 1220 28ADCE
stranded 1172 273E67 continuing 1704 73207C witty 1718 1B2958 banging
1306 FFD801 spare 1276 014872 essential 2188 196C62 winning 2257 3688BA
shaken 1288 11581C traveling 2254 F30172 inappropriate 1645 273E67
lowest 1314 3A578F stunning 375 FDD93B careful 1670 FF6600 radiating
1416 99CF15 dumped 1109 3A4AA1 reasonable 1990 B2DB11 sold 1688 0B4FA0
unknown 1809 08468F unclean 817 1E3869 rotting 866 4A688C clueless 1440
07548A local 2543 196C62 typical 1848 C80027 stone 1823 3A4AA1 opposed
1583 FF4B02 neutral 1730 F30157 relevant 2842 026874 inept 995 C80027
confusing 1336 E0192C cheesy 1199 A5238D minor 1527 9C0047 climbing
1623 FFD801 heavier 1990 235C93 described 1954 595884 required 1897
3FB6BA valued 2224 FDD93B instant 2006 08468F modern 2619 99CF15
convinced 1902 4E5F7B slave 1869 196C62 bastard 834 312675 mild 1636
2E9127 controlled 1539 08468F crowded 1476 0B4FA0 promised 1216 07548A
starving 1487 992F93 adam 1255 017E94 loopy 1098 283152 intimate 1683
28669F continued 2192 273E67 net 1095 235C93 stretching 1933 3A4AA1
official 2187 00744E west 1713 FF7F1C discovered 2210 FFD801 crushing
1560 FFA401 frustrating 1270 7EC31B sappy 920 F44387 iffy 973 3A4AA1
wed 1386 1E3869 manic 1199 B2DC10 developing 1868 312675 stolen 1288
015B5C persons 1396 11581C radio 1640 027975 arguing 1031 E97802 mere
1341 FFD801 complex 1566 9C0047 chosen 1957 FFB200 injured 789 0A3B8A
downright 1445 352C65 crossed 1889 FB9A27 flush 1446 015B5C bomb 1361
28ADCE burdened 1989 3A4AA1 raining 777 28669F remembered 1248 9256A0
base 1656 11581C available 2135 E6AB0F mid 2139 FB9A27 spreading 1524
FDD93D consumed 1709 41A84D slack 1020 4E5F7B stirring 1442 2D6E8A
dazed 1066 352C65 pet 1149 F30157 saving 1680 263F67 unaccomplished 845
E4302F diet 2743 FEA740 received 2512 026874 virgin 798 274784 metal
1349 9C0047 enthusiastic 1982 1B2958 lingering 1280 C80027 tender 1807
084892 seeping 1168 EA3137 swamped 1005 00553A frisky 1477 7D1842
unnecessary 3006 017C8C ultra 1089 FEA53F comforting 1387 99001E flip
1205 FEA53F blocked 1467 28ADCE heartless 767 07548A superficial 989
FED73C ordinary 1620 E6C637 congested 889 FDD93D brief 1586 4A688C
cracking 997 28669F review 3096 595884 grey 1951 1E3869 pulsing 1151
1B2958 scratch 1554 4E5F7B cancer 2283 FF7F00 bass 1039 595884 invested
1993 263F67 regretful 1221 11581C smashing 834 312675 edgy 1258 FDBF2C
alt 3406 F44387 lesser 1186 28669F firm 1386 017E94 ungrateful 1295
273E67 contented 2084 2D6E8A vice 964 E4302F bold 1866 99001E pro 2008
FF7F1C disillusioned 1019 E49202 japan 1500 283152 matured 1241 FF1A00
teenage 1228 00744E spanish 1202 243C96 shining 1297 41B3BD nicer 1125
28ADCE seven 1545 FB9A27 permanent 1478 41B3BD aged 1303 99CF15 faded
1032 FFFF4F engaged 1891 FF1A00 mass 1395 312675 increasing 1502 FFF700
boiling 1203 FFA401 supporting 1582 FFA401 disappointing 1303 FF1A00
yelled 626 FEA740 deflated 2577 026874 cleansed 1237 352C65 switch 1556
3688BA respected 1689 E0192C coward 968 263F67 magical 1903 CB1F13
bouncy 583 015B5C extended 1651 C36619 redundant 1069 263D67 wired 839
FDD93B destructive 923 40B6B8 plastic 1278 E6AB0F china 1433 263D67
perky 971 4E5F7B latter 1341 3FB6BA agitated 1459 FDBF2C vast 1348
4E5F7B critical 1933 9256A0 intellectual 1031 283152 biting 1039 E97802
dissatisfied 1432 0A3B8A troubled 1407 FE992D commercial 1222 235C93
cursed 1271 027975 euphoric 1179 FDD93B expanding 1202 0B4FA0 backed
1095 9C0047 adrift 1207 FE9829 guest 1160 017C8C inform 1149 00553A
fired 1135 00553A logical 1112 352C65 bipolar 1155 394378 rebel 848
FF7F00 teen 1111 043F69 uplifted 2197 235C93 directed 1291 196C62
internal 1772 E4010A dam 641 C80027 domestic 1128 00734E disappearing
1154 015B5C existing 1244 3688BA freer 1561 0A3B8A romance 1835 3688BA
rights 1468 FE9901 sheer 1309 9256A0 acid 907 F30263 philosophical 981
084892 eight 1333 FB9A27 ideal 1487 F30157 national 1454 595884 fancy
2727 FEA740 bye 535 273E67 former 1621 40B6B8 winding 734 41A84D
downhill 961 3688BA leaning 1168 64B822 clingy 720 F30263 chatty 942
283152 upcoming 1614 017C8C connecting 1470 3A578F tested 1253 274784
psycho 637 FDD93B concerning 1215 243C96 tourist 1539 FED73C looser
1053 F1B62A mushy 945 E4302F dated 979 235C93 constrained 1111 196C62
slapped 887 C36619 glum 1307 41A84D stuffy 759 FEA740 vibrating 1034
017977 nagging 1334 187429 oppressed 1177 FDBF2C intended 1508 FDD93B
undeserving 1192 9C0047 devastated 1628 950125 acceptable 1623 3688BA
eternal 1274 043F69 packed 1279 41B3BD mopey 685 11581C teeny 822
99001E zero 1514 034E6D multiple 1572 FF6600 swept 1154 3FB6BA chilled
1038 7C5081 wobbly 1097 00734E unpleasant 886 B2DC10 rent 710 263D67
hesitant 1407 FE9829 amused 875 4A688C fixed 1173 F3026D faced 1460
017C8C effective 2934 FFF700 peculiar 969 E49202 sociable 587 7EC31B
recovered 1553 FDD93B gorgeous 1561 274784 fatigue 2518 FFF700 lifeless
1294 7C5081 impressed 1470 FFB300 shamed 748 196C62 sounding 1000
FED73C expensive 1678 18213E fifth 774 08468F financial 1666 FEA53F
bizarre 975 F44387 indebted 1161 00553A accepting 1519 FD0100 virtuous
1332 41A84D twelve 965 FFB200 severe 1248 7D1842 shifting 1560 552966
bay 858 40B6B8 deserving 1415 B2DC10 educated 1281 EA3137 rational 997
73207C reborn 1340 7C5081 indescribable 1177 2D6E8A immediate 1741
FF4B02 bonded 1140 017977 hostile 722 992F93 hideous 871 FD0100 south
1724 FE9829 manly 976 FDD93D haunted 1155 394378 sweaty 1360 F70059
healed 1748 196C62 academic 938 00734E unfinished 1281 F30263 wiser
1311 034E6D pretentious 1377 FFA401 arrogant 806 E4010A subtle 1456
243C96 greasy 1387 043F69 talkative 589 FF4B02 entertaining 1037 026874
baking 1327 FF7F1C bland 711 043F69 triumphant 997 FFB300 bust 855
CB1F13 amazed 1614 394378 handled 1313 283152 dried 859 3A578F messy
1137 E4010A mini 1527 CB1F13 named 877 40B6B8 ecstatic 1339 40B6B8
parked 547 C80027 tail 1034 014872 fried 837 0A3B8A score 1102 FF4B02
disjointed 805 950125 tortured 1089 B2DB11 delicate 1157 F44387 drastic
850 312675 twilight 1476 FD9927 trusting 1074 2E9127 graduated 1049
FFD801 consuming 1187 312675 urgent 1123 F1B62A concrete 1190 3A4AA1
affecting 943 243C96 humble 1689 41A84D cocky 879 28ADCE beneficial
2010 FFF700 punk 910 263F67 sufficient 1350 FF7F00 practicing 985
EA3137 signed 899 552966 raised 1616 273E67 rebellious 1213 B2DB11
introspective 857 FE9901 spiraling 814 187429 pointing 1131 B2DC10
overloaded 833 A5238D divine 1714 015B5C steady 1426 E6AB0F questioning
1171 FED73C comic 1251 1E3869 cheery 734 99001E contrary 865 F1B62A
supportive 1000 FEA53F gold 1489 FFB300 alternate 724 243C96 terrific
1345 FE9901 lang 675 FD0100 stripped 1001 18213E catholic 750 FED73C
shittier 474 FDD93D par 2092 FD9927 filthy 723 394378 imposing 724
026874 attacking 825 00744E bouncing 1013 C36619 dedicated 1035 196C62
autumn 1466 2D6E8A united 1603 00553A cracked 735 FF7F00 damaged 1258
FEA53F honey 857 FFFF4F whiney 466 FE992D talented 1196 08468F deserted
787 FFD93C realistic 1603 18213E latest 1791 F44387 controlling 1042
FE9901 bubbling 1198 73207C billion 697 FE992D sickish 332 E6AB0F
sheltered 614 084892 pent 749 FEA53F suspicious 890 FF7F1C shameful
1049 0B4FA0 electric 1285 99CF15 log 814 7C5081 tangible 1090 0A3B8A
legal 802 1B2958 wood 1058 F30157 competing 924 F30263 slutty 442
EA3137 flash 1363 C80027 imagined 1088 C80027 resting 1148 026874
performing 1292 950125 solved 1000 FF1A00 coherent 729 F30157 british
1144 950125 squishy 590 FEA740 covering 1018 FE9829 according 1081
027975 sour 926 FE9901 invigorated 1578 3A4AA1 tainted 735 B2DC10 trade
1190 FE9901 choked 942 FD9927 unnatural 806 263D67 frantic 946 3A4AA1
north 1166 FF4B02 strained 779 273E67 peachy 489 FF7F00 merry 822
11581C prettier 1048 11581C sorted 698 3688BA overlooked 1374 3A4AA1
carefree 1249 3A4AA1 asian 898 FFF700 serene 962 40B6B8 fleeting 918
FFA401 suspect 838 FFB200 chilly 1024 7EC31B reckless 688 FEA740
distinct 1290 B2DC10 seeking 1354 64B822 obsessive 725 73207C bragging
721 99001E clumsy 895 196C62 jet 1002 4A688C fifteen 725 017C8C polite
735 F30172 golden 1173 E97802 distressed 981 3A4AA1 joined 1034 0A3B8A
starved 791 00553A cornered 746 992F93 definite 1182 FFD801 articulate
896 41A84D substantial 871 28ADCE applied 1032 027975 unsteady 656
F70059 disheartened 1296 00696F aggressive 931 07548A addressed 1411
F44387 joyful 1793 187429 studied 740 E6AB0F blanket 1070 F1B62A
anonymous 852 FD9927 bereft 1157 1B2958 jake 625 FF6600 constricted 748
263D67 paris 1179 00734E rolled 879 E49202 conservative 804 4A688C
spaced 627 F30157 unbearable 1080 28ADCE enjoyable 1074 394378 stubborn
866 394378 checked 1121 00553A woods 934 274784 strung 586 E6C637
alcoholic 515 B2DC10 queer 666 7EC31B fairy 1007 187429 fifty 635
F30263 tony 787 0B4FA0 unconditional 773 027975 aimless 800 FFB200
liquid 867 FFFF4F model 1628 08468F jumpy 595 41A84D elementary 684
E6C637 charged 1075 C80027 liberal 640 00696F thrilled 1255 084892
defined 1156 084892 whispered 689 FF7F00 eager 1308 FED73C gripping 682
73207C advanced 815 4A688C occasional 1006 28ADCE absorbed 949 F1B62A
giggly 402 CB1F13 standard 1420 017E94 wounded 1013 3A578F legitimate
1288 00744E fond 826 40B6B8 chin 860 FFFF4F peckish 918 E4302F frazzled
1559 2C558B salt 1056 9C0047 minus 815 187429 orange 997 FEA53F medical
1707 28ADCE grave 812 4E5F7B morose 502 552966 owed 956 FFD93C beloved
1086 C80027 tragic 831 C36619 texas 775 034E6D reflective 1436 C80027
ant 563 E0192C insensitive 560 263F67 lurking 871 F3026D challenging
1634 E4302F struck 1172 9C0047 neat 740 FF4B02 elaborate 794 F30157
desired 1052 FEA53F piercing 727 41B3BD bugs 835 084892 lesbian 654
B2DB11 apparent 842 2C558B grouchy 768 F1B62A foggy 927 273E67
spontaneous 808 18213E lit 855 FEA53F crippled 766 014872 root 1202
992F93 floaty 451 2C558B traditional 1382 084892 uptight 777 014872
bittersweet 1222 017E94 constructive 769 40B6B8 dishonest 742 FFD93C
daring 1266 FF6600 loyal 970 99D013 handed 999 014872 refreshing 1012
F70059 boxed 704 FFB300 owned 870 FFFF4F blonde 602 FFD93C sneaking 692
F44387 invading 636 E97802 illegal 699 2D6E8A phantom 574 00734E
stalking 578 3A578F mundane 820 3688BA recovering 1039 0A3B8A limp 625
FF4B02 crabby 973 034E6D pale 875 187429 unfortunate 859 F3026D
gigantic 747 18213E aroused 763 07548A smashed 522 99CF15 flustered 706
0A3B8A raising 1468 043F69 lone 757 F30263 milk 1102 4A688C smacking
672 1E3869 cleaned 730 41A84D threatening 762 99D013 glorious 815
C36619 trivial 582 FFFF4F perpetual 642 C36619 fatty 638 950125
favourite 1192 FF1A00 fourth 881 FD9927 withdrawn 544 FDBF2C casual
1075 73207C flushed 715 0B4FA0 corrupt 360 9256A0 sunny 837 F70059
futile 699 F30157 august 1389 2C558B patriotic 1562 FDBF2C babbling 506
552966 satisfying 1160 C36619 flipping 593 3688BA hateful 602 00734E
resigned 508 043F69 disorganized 732 017977 emotionless 604 196C62
stated 842 1E3869 gray 1038 FF7F00 frumpy 1118 3A578F drunken 430
084892 insulting 628 9C0047 sarcastic 536 FF6600 hectic 685 11581C
scratching 922 00696F closet 1166 FD0100 charitable 799 274784 deaf 712
CB1F13 flood 857 274784 abnormal 815 FDBF2C primary 1089 992F93 solo
738 FFD93C outdoor 221 FB9A27 righteous 1232 FFF700 distraught 642
99001E military 1158 E97802 sacred 1126 FF4B02 drowned 591 64B822
dependant 338 235C93 colour 1577 7D1842 reserved 658 9256A0 hammered
445 EA3137 enemy 1014 FFD93C groovy 643 026874 corny 531 FDD93B
thoughtful 786 7D1842 presented 1039 FF4B02 attending 1213 1E3869
german 696 7C5081 delicious 1381 CB1F13 spectacular 855 235C93 sassy
1106 28669F leaking 593 99001E doubtful 956 99CF15 mourning 846 FB9A27
haunting 583 394378 absent 875 4A688C toe 960 3FB6BA underlying 792
FDD93B irritating 676 99CF15 grimy 328 0B4FA0 overweight 960 64B822
wrecked 647 017C8C classic 1438 017C8C advance 860 FFB300 unbalanced
908 FF1A00 impotent 640 FE9901 lee 852 FF1A00 blamed 560 FB9A27
obnoxious 555 235C93 unbelievable 738 07548A thirty 807 08468F
complacent 753 FE992D possessed 686 552966 glowing 735 A5238D repressed
496 FFA401 soaking 740 C36619 spiffy 337 3A578F grasping 721 274784
smoked 450 3688BA cautious 885 99D013 proved 705 FFB200 east 852 41A84D
jolly 600 3688BA appealing 608 FDD93B pampered 1026 73207C sweating 839
1E3869 proof 1009 043F69 naming 388 99001E reverse 700 11581C increased
1464 FD0100 moist 596 99001E digital 1208 99001E uncreative 586 FDD93B
defending 586 FD9927 melancholic 762 FF6600 crafty 2403 FFA401 linked
811 263F67 sixteen 656 00553A restrained 569 3688BA disgustingly 448
043F69 freed 713 00553A pat 774 E4010A pitiful 607 552966 efficient 808
FB9A27 protecting 880 017C8C competitive 1353 E4010A proven 929 99D013
downtown 521 00734E yearning 1081 992F93 nonsense 795 41A84D heather
426 99D013 icy 689 243C96 trained 1009 235C93 desert 863 CB1F13
suspended 644 F44387 pointed 714 F30263 spoilt 915 014872 downstairs
485 FFB200 bawling 520 FFFF4F greek 477 7EC31B participating 921 FE9829
gathering 822 FFB200 stock 1015 99001E painted 921 084892 apt 742
FF7F00 piano 800 FFFF4F affectionate 500 A5238D singled 461 73207C damp
695 FB9A27 cluttered 924 73207C absurd 746 F30263 disrespectful 870
73207C convicted 1541 283152 stalked 547 3688BA smallest 671 FFF700
hotter 702 084892 degraded 503 99D013 despondent 987 00553A typed 551
243C96 demanding 685 F70059 jewish 755 18213E downward 677 E6AB0F
sounded 551 B2DB11 upstairs 466 FDD93D hack 428 41B3BD contemplative
559 014872 weightless 996 F1B62A chained 772 07548A bull 648 3A4AA1
swirling 825 00744E tensing 556 552966 racist 639 B2DC10 prone 960
FE9829 combined 824 FDBF2C cultural 903 FED73C snapping 563 394378
motherless 1275 FF7F1C weepy 761 3A4AA1 belittled 601 99CF15 winded 967
64B822 mistaken 487 11581C twin 559 4E5F7B blissful 959 014872 blushing
553 E6AB0F central 856 F44387 sophisticated 730 FE9901 nude 563 FF1A00
obese 618 034E6D chubby 719 64B822 seedy 344 FEA53F indulgent 943
7D1842 painless 133 00696F conceited 357 FFA401 chaotic 723 034E6D
secluded 449 2C558B flawed 651 FFB300 rewarding 966 FF7F00 polar 639
027975 brushed 605 263D67 teary 705 11581C revealing 696 28669F wonky
556 E97802 raging 796 99D013 jumbled 636 263F67 devoid 517 00553A
transported 1085 017E94 dang 898 F70059 pensive 521 017C8C shiny 790
273E67 speeding 688 3688BA whit 11939 FEA740 recorded 527 00734E
juvenile 433 017977 consistent 1349 017E94 revealed 840 043F69
masochistic 419 FEA53F blunt 464 E6AB0F hooked 733 FFFF4F peak 895
235C93 trampled 455 273E67 confirmed 724 FF4B02 dandy 367 992F93 agreed
803 196C62 friendless 401 273E67 newborn 953 595884 feat 816 E6C637
soaked 573 FFD93C estranged 544 9256A0 initial 1147 3A4AA1 swaying 450
196C62 rubber 632 4E5F7B weeping 561 99D013 picky 559 CB1F13 unexpected
908 00744E frank 855 F3026D submissive 753 274784 lonelier 618 FDBF2C
prize 700 312675 aggravated 530 E4010A erased 444 FEA740 churning 616
FDD93D lasting 795 B2DB11 decadent 490 FFD801 chilling 455 07548A
remaining 797 E97802 irish 549 004E6F executed 260 28669F admitted 609
FD9927 passive 692 026874 handicapped 611 F30263 recognized 948 11581C
epic 1506 FFA401 visual 1032 FF7F1C volunteer 513 FF7F00 straining 535
FDD93D assuming 615 FF1A00 flooding 673 11581C purple 782 9256A0 flown
926 E4302F authentic 1465 11581C materialistic 377 4E5F7B alike 793
F44387 unfit 595 00553A bent 516 E0192C practical 985 99D013
unstoppable 816 F44387 bubbly 658 EA3137 easiest 757 E4302F civil 528
F70059 highest 840 FD0100 universal 916 017E94 unoriginal 331 FFD801
loaded 597 73207C cleansing 661 263D67 indecisive 479 FF6600 bearing
612 552966 bleak 760 73207C international 897 FF6600 cultured 437
017E94 stirred 486 394378 regressing 458 C36619 collective 869 352C65
represented 891 084892 forgiving 607 394378 rooted 881 7EC31B fearful
1151 FF7F1C oozing 564 41B3BD extraordinary 1010 014872 designed 1066
00744E revived 799 7D1842 slim 735 FF1A00 handy 678 283152 established
891 FDD93B warming 818 017977 idle 477 2D6E8A puffy 635 FDBF2C battered
767 026874 excessive 697 08468F inviting 664 FE9829 portrayed 662
187429 western 786 F30157 sneak 658 FFD93C disturbing 665 283152
horrified 553 4A688C sexier 1009 99D013 delirious 464 FFFF4F crisp 612
004E6F amusing 396 B2DC10 upsetting 450 00734E blinded 432 015B5C
transparent 629 FDD93B psychic 559 9C0047 neurotic 405 FEA740
underwater 587 00734E prior 1102 7C5081 freaky 386 312675 fitter 1325
FF1A00 yellow 916 FEA53F prime 843 99CF15 punishing 617 07548A enraged
471 B2DB11 ace 382 FF6600 smothering 347 FFD93C native 745 026874
mocking 534 034E6D wan 534 EA3137 remorseful 779 FE9901 witnessed 663
41B3BD caressing 565 E6AB0F wary 692 1E3869 forsaken 537 9C0047
splitting 466 235C93 guarded 534 043F69 dire 467 015B5C relative 714
014872 tiniest 561 2C558B published 1099 950125 dreamed 683 FFF700
suitable 1172 E0192C functioning 644 41A84D appreciative 958 00553A
unlucky 872 4E5F7B crucial 1223 084892 tapped 625 73207C solitary 476
394378 sales 884 552966 silky 634 950125 encouraging 877 FFA401
defective 424 FE992D unexplainable 496 07548A saucy 559 FEA740
victorious 985 274784 sport 1080 F3026D strip 526 3FB6BA european 629
017E94 timid 447 3FB6BA expert 1242 C36619 sole 581 263D67 compelling
702 017E94 associate 681 F70059 indian 1031 7EC31B instinct 706 FFA401
fluffy 560 FFF700 homicidal 255 196C62 randy 499 FFB200 ridden 579
1E3869 playful 662 E4302F classy 575 FF1A00 corporate 809 FFB300 trial
818 00553A swinging 566 FEA53F morbid 494 00696F repetitive 791 FDD93D
iron 840 3FB6BA italian 686 017E94 pan 582 034E6D accountable 1363
026874 crossing 987 18213E counter 788 FEA740 shocking 514 950125 royal
622 FFD801 refer 693 FDD93B remiss 812 FF1A00 immune 605 F70059 joyous
636 64B822 pulsating 529 034E6D cheering 530 E49202 gooey 322 FDD93D
keen 736 034E6D unresolved 437 273E67 abstract 642 41B3BD hurtful 571
FB9A27 desirable 514 F30263 alternative 859 00744E buzzing 681 E4302F
devoted 565 FE9901 gothic 231 043F69 aging 725 FFD93C altered 687
1B2958 sear 236 026874 medium 782 FFFF4F scratched 1023 043F69
mysterious 772 015B5C intoxicated 478 B2DC10 psychotic 371 027975
suppressed 513 C80027 amiss 526 394378 strangled 405 B2DB11 introverted
363 1B2958 unpretty 931 E4010A supreme 449 F70059 functional 600 027975
fluid 860 FDD93B hilarious 493 950125 crazed 438 027975 repeated 613
2C558B victimized 692 99CF15 pursuing 696 FFA401 technical 783 2E9127
cursing 493 E97802 luckier 612 E6C637 remote 620 187429 mistreated 433
017E94 condemned 625 263D67 hormonal 910 352C65 speechless 563 F30172
desolate 512 07548A kindred 790 F44387 discombobulated 624 3A4AA1
itching 633 026874 secondary 667 FFFF4F unreasonable 654 014872 trashy
367 00744E breathless 1015 FF1A00 joint 770 E97802 masculine 620 F30172
abroad 830 3FB6BA drying 563 F30263 lively 594 FF1A00 joking 418 FFB200
bohemian 359 950125 contagious 395 FDD93D irrelevant 854 9256A0
apologetic 856 026874 releasing 867 FB9A27 premature 329 E0192C
adjusted 676 243C96 unlikely 637 3688BA stimulated 606 FE9901 numbing
470 C36619 hibernating 441 EA3137 infected 508 7EC31B wistful 762
18213E print 1522 950125 moaning 365 08468F whispering 674 2E9127
overdue 742 3A4AA1 slick 516 E49202 divided 747 2C558B equipped 1017
F70059 fourteen 419 3A578F union 443 CB1F13 escaped 574 2C558B mexican
493 07548A disloyal 437 015B5C melodramatic 445 263D67 dodgy 303 FFF700
entertained 574 99001E narrow 916 235C93 homey 499 3A4AA1 murderous 313
243C96 skinnier 542 CB1F13 ironic 504 FFA401 mainstream 732 9256A0 bow
605 F70059 observing 631 E97802 vicious 471 263F67 emerging 832 352C65
unnoticed 480 7C5081 scratchy 415 1B2958 sublime 341 FF7F1C formal 741
FB9A27 wasteful 558 394378 outdated 511 00734E incident 758 263D67
teasing 465 0B4FA0 curled 415 9C0047 possessive 421 243C96 unorganized
466 99001E landed 780 B2DC10 embarrassing 720 64B822 mortal 517 FF7F1C
compulsive 430 FF4B02 acknowledged 647 283152 tickling 523 F1B62A
sinister 302 28ADCE induced 505 E6AB0F immortal 759 FDD93D divorced 480
11581C undesirable 341 00744E maternal 537 F30172 tumbling 478 FF4B02
reliable 517 2D6E8A offensive 753 1E3869 ordered 514 196C62 tangled 515
263D67 heated 425 043F69 managing 647 18213E subconscious 634 11581C
butch 277 FEA740 costume 579 E4302F disgruntled 485 FF1A00 generic 512
73207C fooling 402 B2DC10 stereotypical 373 3A4AA1 toxic 634 99CF15
parallel 608 394378 visible 734 FFF700 daunted 631 9256A0 stumbling 660
7D1842 exclusive 574 99D013 careless 406 E0192C trendy 471 00734E
knowledgeable 706 2C558B contained 647 99CF15 invalid 404 7C5081
southern 656 273E67 chemical 539 C80027 pending 198 2D6E8A puzzled 455
F30263 cleared 620 73207C ringing 490 FF7F00 napping 342 FD9927 vocal
699 034E6D loneliest 372 00734E faithful 889 FE992D harassed 504 274784
numerous 611 00696F hazy 534 18213E attempted 514 7EC31B unrequited 323
64B822 oldest 631 00553A convenient 710 28ADCE straw 420 394378
incoherent 297 B2DB11 furious 543 2C558B crystal 537 026874 sunk 461
026874 adopted 709 A5238D radical 474 E97802 unanswered 320 FFFF4F
noble 581 9C0047 insufficient 457 F1B62A imminent 540 FD0100 russian
462 28ADCE untrue 340 73207C weekly 846 394378 weighted 596 00696F
persecuted 472 E4010A spiteful 282 595884 foul 387 11581C compatible
413 FFB200 sloppy 545 1E3869 saturated 579 CB1F13 irate 152 273E67
psychological 634 F3026D charming 540 017E94 scientific 390 C36619
sneaky 488 4A688C erotic 284 2C558B neglectful 504 99001E kindly 448
FF1A00 melted 408 FE992D dedicate 478 E4010A impulsive 376 FED73C
ongoing 637 235C93 cherished 624 FEA740 allergic 356 274784 cloudy 494
FFB300 produced 866 017E94 marching 322 4A688C

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{17.} Daily Life at the Checkpoint}

~

Robots~artists,~killer~drones,~algorithmtic~traders,~chatbot~assistant...~Looks~like~old~visions~of~the~future~are~finally~there~to~colonize~our~present.~Once~silicium~and~petrol~are~processed~into~gadgets~and~machines,~it~doesn{\textquoteright}t~transform~back.~Instead,~it~piles~up~in~our~garages,~filling~our~shelves~and~drawers,~eventually~ending~up~in~some~remote~wasteland.

All~this~accumulated~junk~is~about~to~wake~up.~

It~is~screaming.~

Let~us~be !

~

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Holding~the~temporal~rift}

Year~2132.

After~6~years~of~cryonic~unemployment,~you~finally~got~a~job.\newline
The~security~company~X~has~hired~you~to~hold~the~checkpoint~that~controls~travel~through~the~temporal~rift.

A~century~of~wars~between~humans~and~robots~has~left~the~earth~dismembered,~exhausted,~and~overcrowded.~Hybrid~machines~are~now~wandering~in~time-space,~seeking~for~the~days~when~robots~were~funny~home~appliances~living~in~peace.

\newline
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Daily~life~at~a~checkpoint}

Everyday,~unknown~forms~of~life~and~devices~are~queuing~at~the~time~gates,~waiting~for~a~ride~to~the~good~old~times.

Some~are~cool.~Useful,~neat,~practical,~and~friendly.\newline
Some~are~great.~They~could~maybe~save~the~world.\newline
Some~are~evil.~They~will~destroy~or~exhaust~our~planet~in~a~few~seconds.

Anyway,~they~all~have~to~comply~to~the~Time-Travel~Living~Matters~Immigration~Policy~to~cross~the~border.

\liststyleLvii
\begin{itemize}
\item What~is~their~energy~consumption? 
\item Does~their~size~fit~into~our~world? 
\item Are~they~harmful~to~others?~to~humans?~to~dogs? 
\item Are~their~technology~correctly~patented? 
\end{itemize}
Those~are~things~that~you~will~need~to~check.~DNA,~specs,~patents,~built~version,~serial~number...~you~need~to~go~thoroughly~through~all~documents~and~code~available.

\liststyleLviii
\begin{itemize}
\item How~smart~are~they?~ 
\item How~smart~should~they~be ? 
\item Do~we~really~need~them? 
\item Do~we~really~like~them? 
\end{itemize}
You~may~ask~those~questions~to~yourself~.

You~may~allow~them~into~times.\newline
You~may~refuse~them~the~entrance.\newline
Then~you~may~have~to~repair/modify~them~to~let~them~in.

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Purpose~of~the~Game}

Build~the~most~suitable~and~interesting~objects.

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Basic~Gameplay}

Player~got~an~object.

Player~talk~to~it~(ask~questions)\newline
//~here,~interface~provides~~to~the~player~a~checklist~of~things~to~ask.

Player~has~to~improve~it~/~change~it~until~it~gets~good~enough~to~pass~the~customs?

At~any~moment,~player~can~refuse~or~let~the~object~in~(accepted/refused)

Once~player~has~decided~object~is~OK,~the~object~is~validated~\newline
(pass~=~WIN~/~destroyed~=~LOSE)

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Rules}

Player~can~not~refuse~more~than~3~objects~in~a~row.

To~get~into~the~future,~an~object~should~follow~the~Time-Travel~Living~Matters~Immigration~Policy~

\liststyleLix
\begin{itemize}
\item Should~have~a~description 
\item Should~have~a~name 
\item Should~not~kill~humans 
\item Should~not~destroy~plants 
\item Should~have~a~serial-number 
\end{itemize}
Should~...

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{18.} Should}


\bigskip


\bigskip


\bigskip

Using this interface, user can move parameters for each aspect
~
It should feel like level in pipes are moving but no liquid input needed
maybe just move a potentiometer and the liquid effect goes and down
* 1 set of tubes with different levels (potentiometer)
* 1 status indicator
~
glitch?
move buttons?

input water in pipes?~
~
The machine should :

* have a drawer
* be white color
* be in plastic
* have a USB I/O
~
On a table there is demo sequencer (the machine).

Next to the machine, a box of samples is available to test the machine.
~
Visual is generated
~

={\textgreater} apply to object... if we know in advance all the untold
characteristics of an object~ : do we still want it ?
~

People can take a sample and input it into the machine (they may wear
glovers first).
Then , they can use the interface to adjust different parameters : nice
/ bad, dirty / clean, etc.
Once they have setup their objects correctly, they can validate.
The object is added to a display.

\bigskip

People can zoom and interact with the slide.
To place a slide in the slot, people should open a door.~
The start signal should be sent when user close the door.
~
* 1 slot for a prepared slide : 75 mm by 25 mm (3[2033?] by 1[2033?])
* 1 camera (focus and 1 zoom/microscopic camera lens?)
* 1 decoding app~
* 1 barcode scanner (may not be needed as everything will be generated)
* 1 case~ with a door
~
Pour \^etre accept\'e en cabine, votre bagage doit mesurer au maximum 55
x 35 x 25 cm~

* Width : 25 cm

* Height : 31 cm

* Depth : 22 cm

* Weight : 3-4 kg?


\bigskip

When a slide is placed in the scanner slot, it send a signal to start a
new object definition.

~

Scanner may be 1 Raspberry Pi connected to a webcam with a lens

Open Source Dna Sequencer(case looks good!)
~

The installation recreates a futuristic setup where a machine called
{\textquotesingle}The Junkware Sequencer{\textquotesingle} can be used
to twist parameters of living matters basde on text description.~
Object transgenesis through semantic bending
Textual description of objects are generated from patents.~
The visitor can use the machine to visualize and adjust parameters of
its object.

\bigskip

The decoder is a screen where people can monitor the state of their
sample.
It shows activity of the cell.

\bigskip

We should wear lab~white coats and glasses.


\bigskip

\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{19.} Check-list}


\bigskip

\textstyleEmphasis{\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Portable case based on
designs of DNA sequencer}}
\textstyleEmphasis{{\textquotedbl}Pour \^etre accept\'e en cabine, votre
bagage doit mesurer au maximum 55 x 35 x 25 cm {\textquotedbl}}

\bigskip

\bigskip

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{HARDWARE}


\bigskip

\url{http://www.exp-tech.de/Displays/LCD/Beaglebone-Black-Cape-LCD-7.html}
\url{http://www.exp-tech.de/Mainboards/BeagleBone-Black.html}
~
{}-{}-{}-Mindwaves
\url{http://neurosky.com/}
\url{http://www.amazon.fr/Brainwave-Starter-incl-MindWave-Mobile/dp/B00B1B1H68/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1409667259&sr=8-1&keywords=neurosky#productDetails}
\url{https://github.com/robintibor/python-mindwave-mobile}
~\url{https://pypi.python.org/pypi/NeuroPy/0.1}
\url{https://github.com/lihas/NeuroPy}
\url{http://developer.neurosky.com/docs/doku.php?id=projects}
~
{}-{}-{}-Oximeter-ref. CMS50E~
\href{http://www.amazon.fr/oxym?tre-CMS-50E-Rechargeable-logiciel-stockage/dp/B0021D4G9A/ref=sr_1_1?s=hpc&ie=UTF8&qid=undefined&sr=1-1&keywords=CMS50D}{http://www.amazon.fr/oxym\%C3\%A8tre-CMS-50E-Rechargeable-logiciel-stockage/dp/B0021D4G9A/ref=sr\_1\_1?s=hpc\&ie=UTF8\&qid=undefined\&sr=1-1\&keywords=CMS50D}

\bigskip
{}-{}-{}-Python lib : \url{https://github.com/vinc/oximon}

~\url{https://learn.adafruit.com/smart-measuring-cup}
\url{http://forum.arduino.cc/index.php?topic=75402.0}
may need some of those
\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dye_tracing#Fluorescent_dyes}
~
{}-{}-{}-Sensor :
\href{http://www.cooking-hacks.com/documentation/tutorials/ehealth-biometric-sensor-platform-arduino-raspberry-pi-medical#step4_6}{medical\#step4\_6}
\url{http://skin.cdn-libelium.com/frontend/default/cooking/images/catalog/documentation/e_health_v2/blood_pressure_position_small.png}
\url{https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11776}
\url{http://www.instructables.com/id/USB-Biofeedback-Game-Controller/}
\url{http://www.flexvoltbiosensor.com/products/}
\url{http://www.angelsensor.com/} (not released yet)
\url{http://www.quirumed.com/fr/Catalogo/articulo/44476?gclid=CjwKEAjwj4ugBRD1x4ST9YHplzMSJACTDms8ALCGIjeSLTgKThdcAbNv0iveEZJ7O6u9oY2z8PORrBoCkOvw_wcB}
\url{http://skin.cdn-libelium.com/frontend/default/cooking/images/catalog/documentation/e_health/pantalla1.png}
\url{http://southpark.cc.com/clips/153051/flexi-grips}
~
{}-{}-{}-DNA portraits (products)
\url{http://www.helys.fr/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=80}
\url{http://www.eurodiag.eu/dna_kit_instruction.php}
\url{http://www.dna11.com/}
\url{http://www.helys.fr/catalog/sample.php}
~

{}-{}-{}-DNA sampling Kit

\url{http://molecular.roche.com/assays/Pages/cobasDNASamplePreparationKit.aspx}
\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNA_extraction}
\url{http://www.mobio.com/microbial-dna-isolation/powerlyzer-ultraclean-microbial-dna-isolation-kit.html}

\bigskip

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{{}-{}-}{}-DNA Analyzer in a DVD reader!
\url{http://www.kth.se/en/aktuellt/nyheter/dvd-lasaren-gor-comeback-som-hiv-testare-1.380911}
~
{}-{}-{}-Open spectometers
\url{http://publiclab.org/wiki/spectrometer}
\url{https://github.com/nmz787/python-spectrometers}
\url{https://github.com/tomkinsc/open-spectrometer}
\url{http://code.google.com/p/pyms/}
~
{}-{}-{}-Spectrofluorimeter
\url{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spectrofluorometer}
\url{http://www.hellopro.fr/spectrofluorimetres-2012227-fr-1-feuille.html}
~\url{http://img.directindustry.fr/images_di/photo-g/spectrofluorimetres-microplaques-68213-6670507.jpg}
\url{http://www.directindustry.fr/prod/safas-sa/spectrofluorimetres-microplaques-68213-1422675.html}
\href{http://books.google.de/books?id=swpxednwqRAC&pg=PA100&lpg=PA100&dq=Spectrofluorim?tre&source=bl&ots=25JSe0SXCo&sig=xUjjEhC7hixmhScTByZHkXrNlys&hl=fr&sa=X&ei=t70GVL3bJMi70QX9uoEo&redir_esc=y#v=onepage&q=Spectrofluorim?tre&f=false}{http://books.google.de/books?id=swpxednwqRAC\&pg=PA100\&lpg=PA100\&dq=Spectrofluorim\%C3\%A8tre\&source=bl\&ots=25JSe0SXCo\&sig=xUjjEhC7hixmhScTByZHkXrNlys\&hl=fr\&sa=X\&ei=t70GVL3bJMi70QX9uoEo\&redir\_esc=y\#v=onepage\&q=Spectrofluorim\%C3\%A8tre\&f=false}
~
{}-{}-{}-FLOSS DIY Fluorom\`etre
\url{http://contact.asv.free.fr/PhotoFluo.htm#Caract?ristiques}
\url{http://openwetware.org/wiki/Citizen_Science/Open_Fluorometer_Project}
\url{http://publiclab.org/wiki/chlorophyll-fluorometer}
\url{http://tooling-around.blogspot.de/2012/05/have-been-toying-with-idea-of-making.html}
~
{}-{}-{}-Scanner box
\url{http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41kPBOWz2xL._SL500_AA300_.jpg}
\url{http://narcodetect.com/13-scanners}
\url{http://www.bionissarl.com/bionis/CCMEA.html}
~
{}-{}-{}-Film scanner
\url{http://www.amazon.fr/DNT-DigiScan-Scanner-diapositives-Allemagne/dp/B0039RHVSA/ref=sr_1_1?s=computers&ie=UTF8&qid=1409729170&sr=1-1&keywords=ion
scan}
\url{http://oldcamerajunk.blogspot.de/2013/03/wolverine-film-scanner.html}
~
{}-{}-{}-Ultrasound scanners (Medical)
\url{http://www.ultrasound-scanners.co.uk/ultrasound_details_usb_ultrasound.php?id=751&usb_probe=SeeMore
USB Abdominal Probe}
\url{http://whtianyi.en.alibaba.com/product/578477558-215890137/USB_7_5_MHz_linear_probe_PC_ultrasound_scanner_.html}
\url{http://ultrasound.engineering.wustl.edu/index.php/Cell_Phone_SDK}
Full Kit : \url{http://www.mobisante.com/products/product-overview/}
(printers )
\url{http://jsyang21.en.ec21.com/Ultrasound_Thermal_Paper_for_Video--6787433.html}
~
~{}-{}-{}-Ultrasound cleaner
\url{http://www.amazon.fr/Colour-Direct-Professional-Nettoyeur-Ultrasons/dp/B00KS8HYMQ/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=undefined&sr=8-2&keywords=ultrasons
imprimante}
\href{http://www.amazon.fr/AEG-USR5516-Nettoyeur-?-Ultra-Sons/dp/B002B3R56G/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=undefined&sr=8-1&keywords=ultrasons}{http://www.amazon.fr/AEG-USR5516-Nettoyeur-\%C3\%A0-Ultra-Sons/dp/B002B3R56G/ref=sr\_1\_1?ie=UTF8\&qid=undefined\&sr=8-1\&keywords=ultrasons}
\url{http://www.amazon.fr/Sanitas-SUR-42-Nettoyeur-Ultrasons/dp/B007BNGV9S/ref=pd_cp_k_1}
~
{}-{}-{}-Hahaha
\url{http://www.amazon.fr/Bac-Nettoyage-Vibrant-Ultra-Sons-comforteo/dp/B004QD8842/ref=pd_sxp_grid_pt_0_0}
\url{http://www.amazon.fr/NEWGEN-MEDICALS-Nettoyeur-professionnel-ultrasons/dp/B000N4DUPA/ref=pd_sxp_grid_pt_0_2}
~
{}-{}-{}-Scanner code-barres USB

\href{http://fr.eachbuyer.com/usb-barcode-scanner-reader-bar-code-handheld-laser-id-upc-ean-hight-speed-p35671.html?currency=EUR&utm_source=google&utm_medium=CSE&utm_content=[Mat?riels
?lectroniques]&utm_campaign=[PLA]France(FR)&gclid=CjwKEAjwj4ugBRD1x4ST9YHplzMSJACTDms8muvj8QbS4Ixq7p8ttHOnAbLjrAG493sECanqw5FbnxoCNzjw_wcB}{http://fr.eachbuyer.com/usb-barcode-scanner-reader-bar-code-handheld-laser-id-upc-ean-hight-speed-p35671.html?currency=EUR\&utm\_source=google\&utm\_medium=CSE\&utm\_content=\%5BMat\%C3\%A9riels+\%C3\%89lectroniques\%5D\&utm\_campaign=\%5BPLA\%5DFrance(FR)\&gclid=CjwKEAjwj4ugBRD1x4ST9YHplzMSJACTDms8muvj8QbS4Ixq7p8ttHOnAbLjrAG493sECanqw5FbnxoCNzjw\_wcB}
~
{}-{}-{}-Voight-Kampff\_machine
\url{http://bladerunner.wikia.com/wiki/Voight-Kampff_machine}
\url{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Umc9ezAyJv0}
\url{http://www.keithfullertonwhitman.com/photos/}
~
{}-{}-{}-Personal genome machine (50 000 USD)
\url{http://www.forbes.com/forbes/2011/0117/features-jonathan-rothberg-medicine-tech-gene-machine.html}
~
{}-{}-{}-DNA Sequencer
\url{http://infohost.nmt.edu/~biology/sequencer.htm}
\url{http://www.clcbio.com/sequencer/}
\url{http://www.oezratty.net/wordpress/wp-content/WindowsLiveWriter/Les-dessous-techniques-du-squenage-du-gn_82A7/gs-flx-diagram_thumb.jpg}
~
{}-{}-{}-3D Model

\url{https://3dwarehouse.sketchup.com/model.html?redirect=1&mid=70938b7d31c97132abfa9262626efd5}
{}-{}-{}-Data Sheet
\url{http://res.illumina.com/documents/products/datasheets/datasheet_miseq.pdf}
~
{}-{}-{}-Make the case
\url{http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/111840/make-a-custom-plastic-case}
\url{http://ask.metafilter.com/233463/How-to-get-a-plastic-case-made-for-a-prototype-product}
\url{http://www.bopla.de/}
~
~{}-{}-{}-Desktop DNA printer
\url{http://helioslabs.blogspot.fr/2013/01/desktop-dna-printer-propoasl-1.html}

~
{}-{}-{}-Roland egx 350 engraver looks pretty much like a 3D bio printer
machine
\url{http://www.engraving-machines-plus.com/assets/images/roland_egx-350_engraving_machine_01.jpg}
[Bio 3D Printer](\url{http://3dprint.com/11136/life-print-x-bio3d/)} :
[LIFE-PRINTER X](\url{http://www.bio-3d.com/bioprinters.html)}
~
~
ADDITIONAL JUNK

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{20.} Glossary - on going writing...

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{21.} Acknowledgements

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{22.} Junkware Team
\clearpage{\bfseries
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{20.} Glossary - \textstyleEmphasis{on going
writing...}}

Junk~

Garbage

Junk DNA

Algorithm

Sequencer

Tao Bao

...

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Acknowledgements}

We want to thank so much for their support our dear partner Sophia Lin,
from Make+ for her commitment and trust from the beginning of this
amazing adventure ! She has such a great and joyful energy and her very
professional and pragmatic has been very useful to us.

Catherine Ruggeri, general curator for the celebration of the
diplomatically relations between France and China, from Institut
Fran\c{c}ais, allowed us tho dream of this project and make it happen.~

Crossed lab want to thank also the cleverness and open minded and
adventurous Dicream for their fundamental support.

Junkware is an incredible human and spiritual adventure that allowed us
to open our minds and think abroad of our usual intellectual
boundaries.

~

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Make +\newline
}Founded in 2013 by artists, designers and engineers, Make+ helps
organize events and activities, so that these different communities can
exchange ideas and methods, and collaborate by working on real projects
together.[2028?][2028?]

website : \href{http://makeplus.org/}{makeplus.org}\newline
weixin: makeplus\newline
~

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{CROSSED LAB\newline
}Crossed Lab is a production agency in digital arts. Crossing styles,
genres, and territories, Crossed Lab works on a renewed conception of
production. Placing them as an innovative writing incubator, Crossed
Lab~set up a hybrid place between artistic issues, research,
experimentation and transmission of our knowledge. They stick to a
contemporary process crossing bridges of practices and creative process
through a multimodal and trans-disciplinary approaches.

website :
\href{http://www.crossedlab.org/}{[2028?][2028?]crossedlab.org}\newline
vimeo :
[2028?]\href{http://vimeo.com/crossedlab}{vimeo.com/crossedlab}\newline
~

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{WORKSHOP SUPPORT: One Space}~\newline
ONE is a creative experimental space located in Shanghai Jingan
district. It is open to all company and creative individuals.
Participants are welcomed to take part in creative thinking process and
space experimentations through workshops, talks and exhibitions.~

website : \href{http://one-magazine.net/one/}{one-magazine.net/one}


\bigskip

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Thierry Bardini Researcher\newline
}Author of the book Junkware published in 2011, Thierry Bardini
investigates~the origines and stakes of cyberculture.\newline
Trained as an agronomist, he is today a professor of sociology of
technologies at the University of Montreal, .

~

~


\bigskip

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Cl\'ement Renaud - artistic direction\newline
}Cl\'ement Renaud develop experimental initiatives at the crossroad of
art, code, science and technologies. After 6 years in China, he is now
researching about new innovation models worlwide at the LTCI lab of
ParisTech Telecom.\newline
\href{http://clementrenaud.com/}{http://clementrenaud.com}

\newline
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Catherine Lenoble Digital writings\newline
}Catherine Lenoble explores writing in a networked environment. Ubiquity
is the hero of her first novel petitBain, a meta-narrative published in
2010. Since 2012, she proposes creative workshops at the intersection
of collaborative writing \& public space.\newline
\href{http://litteraturing.wordpress.com/}{http://litteraturing.wordpress.com}

\newline
\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Julien Maudet Game designer\newline
}Julien Maudet is a game designer and publisher. He founded in 2011
Les~Chiens de l{\textquoteright}Enfer to explore publishing,
collaborative writing and distribution practices of board games in
urban environment (print-on-demand, 3D printing, in situ
creation).\newline
\href{http://dcalk.org/}{http://dcalk.org}

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Qu Hongyuan Stage designer\newline
}Both fashion and stage designer, Qu Hongyuan works between Shanghai~and
Lyon. She has founded in 2011 the 3rd Hand project to experiment~ways
of upcycling second hand clothes and fabric.\newline
http://quhongyuan.com

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Lionel Radisson Interactive designer}\newline
Lionel Radisson creates installations where video, objects, languages
and digital writings meet through generative design. His works have
been shown in international exhibitions (Saint-\'Etienne Design
Biennale, Bruxelles Nuit Blanche, CMoDA...)
\href{http://makio135com/}{http://makio135com}


\bigskip

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Sophia Lin Curator China}\newline
Chinese-canadian living in Shanghai, Sophia Lin has founded the Make+
programe where artists, designers, academics and technologists from all
over the world work together to develop projets artistic and
experimental tech projects.~\newline
\href{http://makeplus.org/}{http://makeplus.org}

\textstyleStrongEmphasis{Merryl Messaoudi Production}\newline
Somewhere between film set, opera stages and music festivals, Merryl
Messaoudi manage production development of projects and initiatives
supporting hybrid and innovative writings. \newline
\href{http://www.crossedlab.org/}{http://www.crossedlab.org}
\endinput
